boom and we're we're moving moving
gentlemen all right good see you moving
thanks for being here thanks for having
us I'm a gigantic fan
we're favority know that but now I get
to tell you in person I'm a big fan of
yours man well thanks you've become my
we were just saying on the way here
you've become my uh my late-night
television
I don't watch I don't watch like you
know Jimmy Fallon or anything I put on
your podcast on YouTube
I'm just watching it's just blew his
fucking mind
but you're also like my own I'd also
like my Oprah and I was thinking that
you need a whole cast
you need like a Gayle King and I do I'm
willing to be your dr. Phil oh yeah I
need a science advisor I definitely need
a real on staff scientist to check
things like dr. oz now he's not real
unless I'm saying you need that I need a
real one okay
like dr. oz he got in trouble for
selling horse shit right didn't he get
brought in front of Congress I assumed
all these people were kind of
unqualified for their dr. Phil is
actually really good guy yeah
he's actually a real good guy I like one
of those TV judge bailiff cops that
stands in front of judge just got
arrested for murder
no yeah really yeah dude that's my
favorite of all the kind of reality
shows it's like the Judge Judy bailiff
character that's right judge do you
think it's like a DEA agent that
eventually wants to try coke what the
bailiff yeah like you just around I mean
he's probably a real bailiff right so
he's probably around so many goddamn
criminals man I don't think that they're
real bailiff I haven't got that he's a
fake bailiff I just assumed it's it's
Hollywood man mmm true it's like the
same outfit from that Court a
complicated gig you could just hire an
actual cop that way you're doubly
protected you have a real cop that's
standing there yeah really yeah really
doing it and then I'm sure they can do
that gig just find a guy was nice that's
up I think that's a much higher paying
gig than a cop yeah and with you know
give a cop a break well with that type
of money comes corruption and you know
that's true that's right that's where it
gets ugly
the cops get mad at him they set him up
yeah they plan to plant a gun on a plant
some trap into this dude what's this do
got set up all the kind of like
motherfucker got a hundred fifty grand a
year job
put the fucking gun on him you guys been
paying attention to OJ on Twitter
no no man what's he doing it's one of
the strangest things ever he's just
talking on Twitter just talk about like
football politics and the comments are
just the most ridiculous shit everything
you would expect I'm sure he can't read
them the comments are just filled with
just murder jokes yeah really okay no
not his comment you know his comments
like under his like his thing that under
his business all people that comment on
his post it's all just murder Joe as
long as he's not making murder jokes I
guess no my friend has the largest OJ
Simpson t-shirt collection of like the
free OJ juice is loose in the in the
world and he had an exhibit here in LA a
couple a year ago at a museum a hundred
fifty shirts pretty pretty amazing but
you know who I like to follow on Twitter
which I we were talking about earlier I
don't really look at Twitter that much
but I do like Jose Canseco a lot okay
yeah yeah what does he talk about it's
just like crazy
it's his extra crazy and he was offering
like a for two thousand dollars you like
spend the night and I can attend with
him and like look for a big fight oh my
god yeah
it started with him when he shot his
finger off and then it fell off you know
he's tweeting about that that that's
what piqued my interest when I was 19
years old I worked at a place called the
Boston Athletic Club and Jose Canseco
and some other baseball players walked
in it's so amazing how big he was he was
huge a huge person you'd just gigantic
man you know it's so handsome look like
a professional wrestler looks like a
fake person yeah it really didn't even
look like a real person just a giant
handsome super athlete can't lift weight
someone huh fucking weird you know like
he's one he's one of only four people I
think that has 40 home runs and 40
steals cheese in a season I mean he was
on steroids it I think oh he's looking
for Bigfoot he really is he said I am a
Bigfoot expert
the most famous Bigfoot picture or video
ever taken was a costume the individual
wearing the costume is none other than
Andre the Giant check it out I don't
think that's true I think that's pre
Andre the Giant's career in fact that
picture was from the 60s look
patterson-gimlin footage well Andre
giant was alive they are you saying Jose
Canseco doesn't know what he's talking
about
yeah I'm gonna go out on a limb he's
incorrect here have you seen what Andre
the Giant could drink in every pot yeah
it's incredible yeah we had Jake the
snake on Jake the snake used to drive
him and he had amazing stories about
driving on Jake would you designate
drink like 24 24 beers in like a half
hour oh well the way his hands were so
enormous that the beer they didn't even
look real they look like mini bar beers
you know his hand just covers everything
he was so huge but I saw a guy like Jose
can sake I'm like well there's no
fairness in this world
this is unfairness how I mean that kind
of the same species in this world good
interest you learned early yeah it's a
good lesson to learn mm-hmm
yeah the first time you really get
dunked on yeah I think it's important to
kind of be reminded of like your
position in society in the world when I
was when I was at 10 or 11 I was
listening to the getting driven home
from a little league game by my dad
who's one of the sweetest guys ever
right I'm gonna listening to the Indians
game and this new this new shortstop who
at the time was terrible named Jay Bell
like dropped the ball and I was like dad
I bet you want a better shortstop than
Jay Bell my dad stopped the car Patrick
I love you so much but you're 11 and
there's no possible way there's only
like 50 professional shortstops there's
no way that's it I just like man my
dad's never gonna bullshit me that's
kind of cool that's very cool yeah
that's very cool yeah you don't need to
be bullshitters he pulled a lot of kids
today they've been bullshit of their
whole life really oh yeah you're the
best you're the best son you are
like go and take that job yeah it's
yours well there's a lot of wacky people
too that are living through their kids
you know they're they're like all their
expectations of success have now been
turned on their progeny oh yeah you know
they have this thing they just want
their kids to kick their fucking
kick-ass slow down yeah
fine line yeah how do we get an oak Jose
Canseco's Twitter it's crazy huh it's
crazy it's a while dude
wild man I mean it's cool that a guy
that it means his life stories
incredible if you think you ever had him
on I'm guessing no no you should have
him on oh my god that would be great
bash brothers yeah I haven't just held
exclusively bash brothers stories people
are always gonna be mad at him forever
because of the steroids thing right
because he told them so the guys that
was on his other bash brother was found
out right mark mcgwire mm-hmm I don't
know man I don't know much about the the
I mean I know the difference between
doping and steroids or mm-hmm but I kind
of feel like if you're I don't know
about steroids necessarily but if you're
if you're riding a bike across France
and like I don't know I just I feel like
you should dope a little bit I'm not
doing it someone needs to do it well
doctors have actually said it's probably
physically safer to take the steroids if
you're gonna do something like Tour de
France it's so insanely grueling on your
body that you want to be able to recover
mm-hmm but we have this weird thing it's
like there's a thing that makes your
body work better but you're not supposed
to take it if you take it we get mad at
you but we want you to do good we want
you to do your best but we don't want
you to take this thing you could drink
yourself to death
yeah we're never gonna solve that but we
don't want you taking steroids because
then you'd be too big and you hit too
many balls like do what but how's
everybody fuck you everybody or nobody
yeah it's the cheating thing the thing
is it it affects kids that's where it
gets dangerous is because you if you
find out oh my god
these guys just openly do steroids and
they tell you what they do and then
middle schoolers will be doing it yes
they do that's the real fear the real
fear and because that's that
that would happen because there's middle
schoolers that are professionally like
competitive sure all over this country
kids in high school do steroids
you mean like also you do so you do a
bunch I know somebody did a bunch of
steroids and he was describing to me the
process of that he literally was doing
anyone a bit get big you know and I was
like so what do you do what do you do
when you're big he's like yeah well you
got to start taking these estrogen
blockers and like all this stuff either
what the fuck you think yeah if you
don't if you don't take your body stops
making testosterone and I was like what
the fuck I was like well that's what I
mean like this is probably controversial
statement but I like well Bruce Jenner
said he like um like did steroids for
breakfast I mean did that you think that
like depleted his testosterone
production they don't I don't I don't
think they believe that there's a
connection between gender identity and
testosterone levels I think they think
it's a wiring issue for a lack of a
better term but there is always a thing
that happens to people if you take
steroids that your body has this
inability to make its natural hormones
and so you get depressed it was like a
depression time and keep be really funky
for a lot of athletes is that where like
Jose Canseco's out there looking for
Bigfoot because you just need clear his
head could be he also had some MMA
fights he might have got his brains
knocked loose like he he had one MMA
fight against this fucking big giant
dude what was his name early early MMA
no was it was after his whole career
thing had gone he got it he had a fight
with was it hung man Choi it was
hong-man choi hong-man choi is huge so
him just accept this fight it's crazy
let me see you about God it's like yeah
hyung that Choi is like literally seven
feet tall Jose Jose Canseco is an
enormous guy I'd recognize him from
movies he's not enormous compared to
hong-man choi and hyung my choice
was a professional MMA fighter he fought
some really really tough guys in Japan
so it was a total complete mismatch but
he needed whoa he needed the chatter so
he's still you know that looks like eyes
of choi that looks like when you have
like a
real GI Joe guy and then like the
generic GI Joe guy looks like he fuckin
found Bigfoot and even though like
Canseco still a fuckin gorilla I mean
he's a stout man super powerful gigantic
man but that just shows you how big
hyung man Choi is you get he got
pummeled yeah I think he blew his knee
out if I if I remember correctly I think
he threw a kick and he blew his knee out
and then hung man fuck filmed and I mean
Danny Bonaduce - yeah was it just oh no
did he really I just saw a picture
understanding the game god he's so much
bigger than Danny Bonaduce
he's a really huge guy right there oh my
god he did Danny Bonaduce is crazy
Jesus well his head looks like it's been
photoshopped on
blame it wasn't that cancer kills
brother wasn't that his brother posing
as him super tatted up oh my god he's
not though no he's not even it's one of
those that's one of those checks that
you put on it's like a rash guard but
it's got tattoos on it it looks like
your tattoo down I wish our brothers
would start posing as us yeah I don't
think that that was Kent Seco I think it
was can't say goes brother I think it
was they found out later is it like how
Gallagher has Gallagher strut we're
talking about that Gallagher - look at
that guy that's not can't say go his
name isn't mentioned in there Oh Danny
ia oh I mean he's still a big giant dude
- I mean the only way this story the
only way this story could get publishes
with that resolution of photo excells
but this is that crazy you I don't know
if you look at Facebook or if you have
it but I do have it I keep up with my
high school friends and my parents
friends and stuff and the amount of
stuff I see retweeted or reposted I'm
from the left and the right is just so
crazy man these weird fake websites with
the most outrageous and they all you
could tell it thick you know most people
know it's fake because really one like
and everyone's just afraid to
acknowledge to the PERT like your own
man that what is that
that's not really jose canseco man well
how about those you won't believe what
she looks like now websites you know it
sound like CNN you go down the bono of
CNN
dude that's my Instagram I scroll back a
couple years I'm like what the fuck
happen to me oh my fucking quit smoky
and I got 35 pounds I've got went gray
and like fuck man
how much does smoking affect the way you
feel not smoking is a I feel amazing but
and it was a weird addiction I had heavy
addiction how many cigarettes were you
smoking today
a lot man like to pack so easy whoa for
buffer like 18 19 years oh I know but I
had I had a baby coming and I just I
just set a date and notebooks no no no
anything no pills or set a date and that
I bought a 12-pack of beer and four
packs of cigarettes and went into my
studio and just smoked every cigarette
and drank every beer and just felt like
shit on purpose knowing that I wouldn't
want a cigarette and I never smoked a
cigarette Wow
but I did gain a lot of weight I mean
chicken parmesan tastes a lot better
we're not smoking cigarettes it's like
you know I don't know you have kids I
had my first kid last year and you end
up you go through that you know I think
most people go through that you just
realize like oh shit like I'm almost I'm
39 I got to stick around for this this
kid and I cut the bullshit so that's
what I was that's what motivated me to
do it it really affects your taste buds
huh I think it affects your your
metabolism you know what makes you
speedy right it makes you speedy it
makes you just say shades your appetite
yeah you don't I eat I eat like normal
meals now and I've gained weight but
before I realized I was just like barely
eating food my friend Tony smokes and he
went down to the Joule then he quit that
toe totally Tony Hinchcliffe and he
would smoke cigarettes before a show I
go to give me one of those things like
what does that do for you I go give me
one of those things and I'd lit it and I
hadn't smoked a cigarette
you know more than a decade and the last
time I did I did it for like a play I
couldn't believe how high I got I'm like
oh my god this gets you so hot yeah
like it's crazy yeah but it does the
first couple of chased the dragon once
you're back in there yeah you're not
getting that but it is amazing like on
its own like what the the hit that you
get from a cigarette I'm like holy shit
I feel great well I do like I don't I
feel like everyone so my uh it'll be in
a situation where like oh man I actually
really do want a cigarette but instantly
I'm like that will mean for me buying a
whole pack being right back on it
although I was like it's like well maybe
maybe I'll go do get myself one week in
the year or just torture myself and
allow myself to look forward to that one
week in the year smoke some cigarettes
deal with yourself I think that's
possible I think I'm capable of it
because I do have a pretty good
willpower I mean I was able to quit the
people that would be like addiction
specialist would tell you that you're
fooling yourself you're fooling yourself
buddy if I try to pretend I'm in
addictions let's say I'm gonna doesn't
specialize come on no you don't need it
yeah no no gone without it this long
without great everything else I know I
mean but then I go back to why do you
want to open with it but then I would
open up the store to this whole thing
like why do you need anything that's a
good plumbing and then it's like it's
like it's because it's fun and if I
could do it for one weekend and it's be
the less harmful than every day yeah no
I mean everybody has addictions
everyone's full of addictions whatever
it is like I'm addicted to sleep I think
that's my biggest addiction is like I
I'm like well that was a bit my biggest
fear really about having a child how am
I gonna look what I need you know I mean
like freaking out and to this day I'm
like I get up to take my stepdaughter to
school at like 7:00 and then I'm like I
come back in the house and I just sneak
back into bed and I try to avoid having
to wake up to take care of the baby
I have excuses ready to go like I got so
much to do later today and a couple more
hours that's a good thing for your body
yeah I don't know if people get that so
that's a good addiction yeah solid
healthy addiction I think if you don't
get enough sleep
it's the worst thing for you I mean I
have nights when I feel it craziest meat
so I feel like everything's barely
keeping it together you know I'm
functioning like 70% I know that I know
when I've reached a wall of exhaustion
it's like when I go like I need a nap
and then I lay down in it and I just
have a full-on like existential crisis
like all so stress I get reassessed out
yeah but yeah I mean the sake of
everyone's so weird because if you think
how many people are doing it right now
listen to this smoking a cigarette
all of them know it's bad for them but
everyone's just drawn to it
just a weird and it kind of represents
that you're having fun represents it
you're you're you know you're free doing
whatever the fuck you want smoking a
cigarette I know it's bad shut up I
don't know I've found it it's only like
that once when you're like 15 like this
and never like that again then it's just
an addiction well smoke I do smoke the
cigar bones on that and I think that
there that's the thing about that
similar between the two aside for
nicotine is it because you don't get
much nicotine from a cigar it's like not
not so probably not at all but it is
like you're okay it's like I'm telling
myself and everybody around me like fuck
off for however long I I have this time
to myself yeah I mean so it is like it
is like it it is there there's that
aspect to it and I don't know I mean I
think that if you marketed cigarettes
right man you could get every
motherfucker smoking because you could
just say like it's like the new Koko
cacao nib like Native Americans use this
shit it's a natural antidepressant get
on the fucking this doesn't have any any
chemical no chemicals is there a
difference as a cigarette smoker between
the high you get from like an American
spirit or you know a hand rolled
cigarette versus like a cool you know
you just get mean when you're smoking
cigarettes you just into your brand and
I got I actually bought a jewel based on
a recommendation from a from a friend
years ago so long ago that I'm they
follow me on Twitter like they must have
looked at who was buying this shit and I
was one of the few people that was
verified or something it was two
thousand fourteen or fifteen and that's
when I knew like when I knew that
could not be vaping I hate it and I was
like the minute a you look like a idiot
but be like it's like temperature thing
for me it's like it's too hot
it's like fucking gross and it's like
might as well does not be smoking true
gonna smoke the Joule thing but it's
weird cuz my my stepdaughter like all of
her friends like fascinated by the Joule
specifically hmm it's like an epidemic
with these like high school kids that
want and I was like that's a funny joke
until you all get addicted to cigarettes
because that shit's fucking real well
it's also some kids are having problems
with the oils in their lungs right I
don't know yeah there was yes I was
probably for not moving around that's
right is from looking at their iPad all
day I think we're saying that they've
grown some sort of infections their
lungs they damage their lungs I don't
know if it's true though you know it's
like well those stories I just looked at
the headline and I didn't look into it
at all it's Facebook one like opposed
now it's Jamie do you know is that legit
like did have people really experience
of your lung disease associated with
vaping is that really they're just
trying to link it or there has been
studies saying that maybe this is from
it because there's some sort of high
school that did it but that's why this
this might just the cigarette lobbyists
trying to shut that down well it's the
number that's weird it's like not that
many it's like a couple yeah like what
are they doing I don't know me I don't
think I don't think that the government
should be regulating that kind of stuff
I mean it should right make sure it's
like safe but I shouldn't outlaw it I'd
saw the California or someone well it
seems easy for kids to get that's where
it gets weird no it's like the reason
why we keep kids from cigarettes I don't
know it's not fair to get them hooked on
something that's that physically
addictive that young when you're still
your brain is still forming you know
it's like a sneaky trick keep it away
from kids at an early age but it makes
him feel cool man
well I mean is it I mean I feel like I
don't know I mean if it weed wasn't that
hard to get when we were high school but
now it must be way easier so I don't
know do you think is easier to get weed
or cigarettes if you're in high school
in California probably weed
I mean people people I know people here
they're like when I was smoking like oh
my god I can't believe you smoke and
then there's like smoking a joint I'm
like yeah fuck off yeah fuck off and
they drive her driving around in their
tesla'd I'm like that's a cool ass
fucking car but what happens when you
get like a 300 pound battery full of
heavy metals in a dump like a hundred
years from now I don't know what the
fuck happens fuck knows what do they do
with the the metals from the batteries
oh I'm just saying like these giant
estates in the jewel on the top I'm
saying like I'm the sane man that the
thing about the Tesla and all these
electric cars I think that they're
really smart and cool but I but the idea
of having to to filter all these rare
earth minerals into one place that much
right it's the first time that's ever
happened it's a good argument well
interesting argument had a we had a
buddy who who had leukemia and bone
cancer actually and uh the doctor his
doctor who wasn't a quack I think he was
at the Cleveland Clinic like this is
from having too many heavy metals in
your system that's how you got this he's
like your heavy metals are out of
control and there the doctor said did
you grow up near mine and the kids asked
his parents he's like what's this about
and I oh yeah we had you on a commune in
in a in Colorado we lived there for your
first year of life in a mine like an old
mine it was like an old mining town and
I said that's probably what it came from
I don't know
I don't know I'm talking about me but
that that makes sense they would guess
that from a mine I mean if it gets in
the air you're filtering like the
heaviest metals down so you're like if I
don't have you been to like there's a
town with it called Oh Jerome Arizona my
wife's from from Sedona and near there
there's this little mining town called
Jerome it's really cool like kind of
touristy spot but there's this giant
slag Hill
I mean it's massive and it's just like
all of the all of the shit that wasn't
copper or gold or silver but was heavier
and sinking to the bottom when they're
looking for that stuff and then they
throw and that's the kind of shit that's
the rare is the mineral stuff that they
make you know cadmium and wood
else lithium so it's just laying around
well it's just just your eye when you're
in these mining towns which would
concentrate it because it was all the
stuff they wouldn't use it in a waste
it was waste his waste stuff so did they
know has anybody done some sort of an
environmental test to find out what
effect it's out in the water or the
I don't know man the soil I don't know
we'll find out I know what do to add
severe bone cancer because he grew up in
an area that was irrigated with like
different pesticides they put pesticides
down it got into the groundwater and
then quite a few people in his
neighborhood got cancer and they made it
correlation who knows if it's a hundred
percent would caused it but a bunch of
people got similar cancer that's from
how many died my grandpa was a
landscaper and he used to he had a
plastic bucket and he would take the
pesticides and he's filled a book with
water put the pesticide and mix it with
his hand every day oh Jesus died of bone
cancer
so same thing well I've heard I've also
heard that lung cancer a lot of it a lot
of it is caused from actually the
fertilizer used which is and when you
it's like a pump ammonium the same shit
these two kill the Russian spy you know
it's like basically like it's the
isotope of lead I think or and if you if
we heat it up it becomes this ice w and
over years of smoking your body builds
up small amounts of plutonium eventually
you know you and that mixed with the
carbon the radioactive carbon isotopes
of smoking you know that's why I mean I
think you figure that out I'd still be
smoking if you could just get rid of
those two things well if they just
figure out some sort of stem-cell
Sprague and they're every day at heals
100% all the smoking damage how many
people would go back what if looking
what would it heal the brain damage the
smoking give you brain damage I know I
mean like Jose Canseco if you know that
that really cool you're thinking they
may be someday able to regenerate tissue
in in the brain but they they've never
been able to prove that they could do it
it's just a theory they think they could
regenerate disk tissue to and I know
they're doing Studies on that like the
spongy stuff in between your spinal
column they think they could regenerate
that stuff it's done
but there's no no proof yet but it's
it's exciting stuff
I mean it's excited I personally prefer
to ignore all all metal medical stuff
because it just freaks me out I went to
the doctor like to give it as they get a
physical for the first time it's just
based on me I got quit smoking I'm
getting some weight let me just get let
me just figure out where I'm at and we
also needed one for our torso insurance
he had to be physical for insurance and
I went like I think what's up with this
like how's my heart look and the woman
literally the woman is pure like I can't
get this other I don't I think I got it
right the EKG thing I think looks really
good and then they did some blood work
like yeah it looks really good there's a
high levels of this and that what's that
it
we don't really know but just will check
in in a couple months and as I came back
like yeah I think you just gained some
weight but we're not really sure like
basically I don't know I mean I've seen
medicine save people's lives before and
then I've seen also like it be like you
know see you know they basically it
feels like out they still don't know
what the fuck is happening in your body
a lot of times yeah so it's like it's
best to like probably avoid a lot of
that shit it's like if I try to avoid
getting sick definitely if you can
that's my medical advice
that's solid advice well I mean like I
went and they told me that I had to stay
elevated liver enzyme I think that from
drinking beer or something like no
actually it's just like it's not it's
not even like it's not that it would be
different it be the opposite okay what's
it from like I don't know don't worry
about it
nothing oh wait I went to this other guy
who like you think okay yeah you've got
some fat in the liver and as a is it
because I gain weight because that's why
I'm here in the first place and like
probably that's it I think what should I
do about it like just lose some weight
if you can I think he's just like since
he gets physical he's just been laying
it awake at night just I'm just like
stressing out okay I'd be better off not
getting this physical cuz I could have
diagnosed myself of being a fat ass
myself like I don't need this shit but
you know what you needed you needed
someone who's a doctor but also can take
you several
epps down the road this is what we're
gonna do here's what your plan is what
it's all about bedside manner may I talk
about that because look that I had this
person be like if look if there's
something really that you really need to
be stressing out about I'll let you know
but otherwise I'll stress out for you
I'm like I mean if I know that there's
one thing that and like you know someone
really close to me had a really severe
life-threatening episode or this year
that was very fucking traumatic for
everybody involved including myself and
I I ended up gaining like 20 pounds in a
month basically 15 pounds from this and
I haven't really going to shake it and
that's what led me to get this physical
but watching this thing happened to this
person was very close to me was like I
was like what the bedside manner was
just like insanity because it was the
first time I've been in a real someone
it wasn't didn't have a like a long-term
illness just like life it's life or
death and he it was like there was no
there was no comforting it was like oh
yeah at any minute
this person could die for like five days
I think is there anything he could do
like mm-hmm no not we've done everything
just you know just uh sit tight it was
like fuck yeah it's like yeah yeah yeah
PTSD do you think like emergency room
doctors have PTSD we're off to right oh
yeah well you think well the idea that
this one person had to sit me down and
tell me what was going on and like the
look in this dudes eyes it was like he
looks freaked out but he was he he
wasn't calming me at all you know I mean
it was right but he also didn't want to
lead you know he couldn't pretend it was
gonna be okay but yeah I guess
conversations with someone I can't
imagine a day multiple times
I can't imagine yeah people get mad at
you sometimes well man I can't imagine
it's that is I I could never do that job
I think we don't think of them as
experiencing it traumatically because
they're doctors we think they should be
able to handle it right but I mean
they're just they're also
humans who are seeing dead humans like
those consequences affect every one of
us with you when you look at that all
the time I don't buy that you don't
experience some form of like intense
stress
I mean I've experienced intense stress
from doing the thing I love the most
playing playing concerts
I mean I've experienced it firsthand
where it's like and it that's way
different when does it yeah like when
obviously like telling someone they're
fucking loved ones like about to fucking
die but uh do you still feel it manager
for me it's all about you just being in
the right headspace hmm you know I mean
like when we first started playing we
were play these indie rock clubs you
know because we come from that
background like I guess what they would
call now a hipster shit or whatever and
that was just people who like you know
really passionate about certain types of
music that wasn't massively appreciate
it you know which is still kind of what
we're into but because that most of the
people that were coming to our shows
were like the high fidelity type record
store clerk you know you're playing a
show and it's just like arms crossed
laughter was it pretty good you know
we'd be a little we bake 2222 you know
kids and the the the the the gatekeepers
were like 30 you know 32 year old now I
would look at them as pretty being like
you know supportive but at the time it
was more supportive but at the time it
would felt more like judging so if I get
in the wrong head state said headset
headspace and I'm out on stage and I go
man everyone's heard like judge judge us
or something hmm
you know I mean like what you're looking
at this big crowd but then I have you
know I only do and I tell myself I was
like the worst band of all time is
probably played the more more you know
like some terrible like menudo spied two
more people you know I mean like this
isn't that many people it's like like
tonight we're playing The Wiltern like
there's like three thousand people it's
like this be honest like the worst
stand-up comedian like I don't know
herbal I don't know man I'm like like
the fifth Jonas Brother could sell 5,000
tickets in LA probably so it's less
stressful when you when I like or
Gallagher to could fly sell 3,000
fucking tickets in Los Angeles
come on that's how I look at it you know
I'm like oh we deserve to be here more
than that in person we put our time in
that's a hilarious way to look at is why
would you concentrate on things that you
think that suck is that alleviate
anxiety does it actually work
no I read this thing that Captain
Beefheart one of our favorite musician
said and it was like if you started if
you think about what you're doing you've
already lost the battle I know that the
reality is that I don't need to think
about and I know Dan doesn't it we don't
need to think about what we're doing so
because you we're not thinking about
what we're doing like the trick is to
stay in the moment with music but I can
play and not think about it and then I
start thinking like what's that person
fucking thinking about okay it's like
I'm like I got another conversation
happening here I'm like and like an
intruder yeah there's like I liked it
like temporary schizophrenia like Pat
what if you just stopped playing yeah
there's like I actually remember
thinking that on stage at Glastonbury
everybody you know there's a two hundred
thousand people or as close to that and
oh I just stopped playing like what
would happen don't do that don't do it
just keep going yeah yeah yeah Pat so I
had an almost line a breakdown it and
Lollapalooza one new year
we both it was intent for both of us
actually because you know it was I mean
you should tell story I mean I just
remember it from my point of view I
don't know I don't know what was going
on through your head at the moment five
red voice he was getting into this thing
where he would be really anxious and
drink a lot of Red Bull
oh no and so we got on stage and it was
like a sea of people and he was on his
fifth red bull and his eyes were like
saucers and he's just staring at me
I had to like talk him off the ledge
right like I did like put my foot up on
the riser and kind of lean in and kind
of talk in a voice calm voice hey man
how you doing you know what I mean I was
just I was just exhausted really I'm
like what do you want to do whatever you
want to do is cool me yeah what just let
me know he had to calm me down how many
Red Bulls does it take before it become
speed I don't I don't drink that shit
anymore but you know I think we also
have been playing these shows and it was
exhausting yeah most of it had to do
with our schedule our and it was in the
middle of summer it was hot as hell and
I I would think I was severely
dehydrated but but I mean I was cuz we
played this one show in Des Moines right
around this time this was in 2010 right
so this is this is when this happened
was at Lollapalooza 2010 and this is the
festival that we had played like four
times before so it wasn't like something
new and we weren't even headlining this
time it was just like we were on stage
doing something I was actually looking
forward to the show but this is like a
pivotal moment for me it was like I I
just kind of missed the beat of a song
something that no one else even noticed
other than probably Dan and there's a
whole shit and I got like I spun out and
I just kept spinning out you know I mean
like you're like a panic attack on stage
and when you have like a panic attack
like you know you tend to get a panic
attack doing the same thing you did
before so I for a while I was having a
pet like a little mini panic attacks
every time I was on stage but I got
through the set and everything was fine
but it's like funk and a part of it was
it I looked out and there were like
50,000 people we've been playing this
festival four or five times before and
to like crowd starting at maybe 5,000
people and now here we are doing most of
the festivals watching us play and it
was like oh shit like what's fuck's
happening finally people are here and
that I can't fuck it up now
I went to go see this dude here in in LA
in Santa Monica named Carrie Gaynor like
he specializes in like just I mean look
man I didn't know what get so good I
didn't know what to do because I didn't
like a couple friends and I like Mantis
get some beta blockers get some get some
valium drink some beer Riley I can't
doing that shit before I go I can't be
relying on that before I play those like
I I got a recommendation to go see this
hypnotist who specializes in like
quitting smoking and fear of flying and
also stage fright
there's a lot of like actors who are
gonna do like plays for the first time
so I went to go see Carey at his house
and we were playing some shows at the
Palladium and he he did this thing
hypnotized me and the second night I
went that the first night we played it
was like better the second night we
played it was like pretty much gone and
then I woke up in the hallway of the
Roosevelt Hotel and that stairwell in my
underwear at like 7:00 in the morning
and I'm gonna like in this in my in I'm
in the staircase in my underwear at 7:00
in the morning and I walk and I just
remember like this number like 708 I
think it wasn't like that only been to
the room one to two times a night and my
girlfriend at the time was in there
luckily and I went and knocked on the
door she said what the fuck where the
fuck were you go and I said I just don't
know hypnotism is real geez
have you ever been hypnotized yes yes
did it work yes yeah yeah there's a guy
who's on yesterday actually his name's
Vinnie Sherman he hypnotized a lot of
fighters okay and he as his fighter yeah
he gets them into this it's really
interesting I guy I've never had it
before and I wanted to try it I was like
okay I had these thoughts it was
probably bullshit or for people who have
weak minds but it's a state that they
can talk you into and someone who's
really good like Vinnie could talk you
into this state and then
you're totally conscious but you're
definitely you definitely in this weird
tunnel where you feel safe like mentally
safe it were and you can talk and think
about things in a way that's almost free
of normal regular anxiety you can you
can address the anxiety you can see it
but it's for the brief amount of time
while you're really in that state you
you can get rid of all that shit yeah
this is very weird
this guy Kari I remember a couple things
specifically that he said and I went so
that he said like you know you you know
you're afraid of messing up that's the
whole point of like being in a rock band
is like it's okay to mess up it's not
supposed to be perfect you know my
perfection isn't something that anybody
even wants you don't mean like if you go
to like an art gallery and you see like
a Thomas Kincade
painting no one wants that shit he was
telling me all this he was he was
telling me this shit like he was like
basically like you know your personality
is you know everyone's flawed we're
human beings it's okay like yeah
whatever like you're not supposed to be
perfect you have no desire to be the you
know there's no cup drumming competition
you've entered you know I mean and it
was like I came out with again fuck it
like I'm supposed to just be here having
fun and that it worked and then I got
really nervous a couple years later when
we were supposed to play the Grammys on
TV and I just got really fucking nervous
so you got about it and I think I got
nervous because it's just it's like one
of the things it's not natural for us
right it's like we're gonna be playing
music on stage with all this pop music
and stuff that has nothing to do with
what we're about but we couldn't say no
we have I think we had to do it because
we we couldn't just knock it till we
tried it but um we had sat through the
Grammy performance before in it and it
was atrocious I mean it really is like
so alienating for I mean especially when
the big pop stuff comes out it's like
what we do is is something something
different you know I mean so I want to
go see him before we played the Grammys
and he he did this whole thing is like
well I was hypnotized and I remember it
like he's like when they tell you thirty
Seconds you're gonna start it's 30
seconds till you're on you're gonna
start
when I get to like 15 it's gonna get
bigger when I say for like he's not
gonna stop smiling and I was like
anyway this shit we're a fuckin if you
watch the video on this site smiling the
whole time in the minute and the minute
the song ends like I just dropped my
drumsticks on leave me the fuck I'm
never doing that again
it was I will say it was like I think
it's the best TV performance the why you
never do any game because you never
performed the Grammys again or you'd
never get hypnotized again oh I would
get hypnotized again if I knew zit I
just the stress just the stress the
stress you're the Grammys again pop
possibly sure you know but it was like
at the time you know it just seemed like
unnecessary stress and then like this
whole all this I think I had a couple of
issues about the Grammys because the
first time we ever went like we won two
Grammys it was like this is the weird
thing we go and are the words that were
nominated for we're given away at the
pre telecast this is the first time we
were nominated for Grammys this is on a
record brothers
so we're there like February 2011 and my
brother Michael was nominated for Grammy
so he for a record cover of the year for
our record so Mike wins a Grammy first
right off the bat first award of the day
record cover Mike wins it gets down to
like the alternative rock category we
win like rock performance of the year or
something we go in the Staples Center
conference area wherever we go collect
our ward and we're standing on the side
of the stage and they say next up are
the rock song of the year they list all
the nominees including us so we stay
there because we're on nominated for
this award and I and also Neil Young for
whatever song and I so Neil Young wins
that and this is Neil Young's first
Grammy Award and at that moment I think
what the fuck my brother Michael has had
a Grammy longer than Neil Young I like
that's something fucking crazy I'm like
that's two knuckleheads have two and
then we go and we win a Grammy right
after him
we went out alternative album of the
year so now we have more Grammys than
Neil Young within
hence 10 minutes Chanin and I was like
this is all kind of fucking and saying
isn't it like none of it makes sense I
start looking none of my favorite bands
of fucking Grammys like The Clash don't
have a fucking Grammy to clash don't
have a Grammy No
so I'm like that so then anyway I'm
thinking about this the whole day just
like this is insane I mean it's exciting
that's cool but it's also like it's a
lot it's like it means a lot less when
your favorite bands don't have great
right that should have them how does a
Grammy work is it well wait I was gonna
finish this thing real quick because
this is what the apprehension I have
about the Grammys is like this day ended
with us going back to the hotel we're
staying at which at the time was the
Chateau Marmont and TMZ was there and it
popped out like we tried to like just
avoid the Warner Brothers has a party
there we're trying to put all of that
stuff just to go hang out with their
friends and tea and a camera little
bumps out at the liquor locker right
there in the corner and I and the guy
asked music how do you feel about Justin
Bieber not having a Grammy and I was
just like I'm sitting there thinking
about the clash you don't mean like
Justin Bieber he's got I like I'll sell
him my Grammys for all the money he has
basically what I'm trying to say like
the motherfucker should be happy just to
have a fucking career I said something
like that and I wasn't it was just like
I'm not it you know it wasn't even like
it necessary a knock on Justin Bieber
just like that's my response to the
question I'm thinking about something
else and I'm getting in a car and we
leave and then the next morning I wake
up to a tweet this is right at the
height of the anti-bullying shit - which
is like you know Justin Bieber right
don't bully my fuck he's like the
drummer from the black he should get
slapped at the time I was like I thought
it was the funniest fucking thing that
ever happened but I was like you know
what I can't deal with any of that shit
like I don't want any of that shit and
so I realized like that's that was my
experience about my apprehension about
playing the Grammys all came back to
that I was like what is the fucking
Grammy what is this shit I was like
where does jerking ourselves off like
congratulating ourselves does anybody
watch this shit that really cares about
us I don't think so well also what if
there's like
twelve great bands there's only one of
them wind the Grammy of the year right
is this second place third place is
there anything like like the idea of
judging art is always weird but to judge
like one you got one you pick one and
all these that are awesome it's also
like it's it's you know ultimately isn't
no different than any other election it
it yeah like that year that we were
nominated for album of the year so was
so was Jack White so are we split our
votes you know I mean like someone that
someone had to either vote for us or
Jack or like Mumford and Sons
it's ultimately complete nonsense it
seems like it perverts the love of the
thing cuz it's like what you guys do is
awesome I love your music but I I feel
you're like I just want you to do it you
know just when there's little contests
and this is number one and this one goes
this and this is the band of the year in
the album of the year like says who and
why is it a contest can it just be this
is awesome shit here's some different
awesome shit why we didn't yeah I we
didn't bungle that was the whole
motivation behind this record was like
it was to not not partake in the current
bullshit in the music industry which is
so check this out do you mind if I
explain it please do okay we had a
conversation with our manager um about
this record right you know release me
and it went from everything like we have
family we don't really want to be on the
road for a hundred days this year we
don't necessarily wanna do anything we
don't we don't want to do anything we're
not excited about you know so it came
down to the promotion and stuff and it
was basically like we want to get in
front of people and play our songs and
have fun you know and uh and the
conversation came up with about the
actual album like Warner Brothers was
interested if we wanted to bundle it
which is when you include the record
like with a ticket right and a lot of
people have been doing it whether you
buy a t-shirt and you get a record and
it's a digital download link
and I think well how does that work and
right well um you uh you would give five
dollars from each ticket back to Warner
Brothers and then you would get a record
sale and I was like that doesn't make
that doesn't make any sense to me and to
Dan and uh yeah I thought well you it's
the only way you're gonna get a
number-one record so if you want a
number-one record you got to do that and
I said well I think well um so it's one
to one like we get five bucks back and
then we get a royalty and we get a
reticular till right now you don't get a
royalty and you only get a tick you only
get an album sale count if they click
the link and they have like we have a 50
percent click-through so in other words
we would pay $10 per sale on Nielsen
SoundScan by giving the money back that
we've sold on tickets to Warner Brothers
to our record label I was like fuck that
fuck that shit at this point that is a
crazy deal check it out we've sold
250,000 tickets on this tour so we would
give back 1.25 million our record events
for this record was less than that so
that so it I was like if Dan and I were
just our own record label we could give
ourselves $5.00 per ticket and count and
we just keep the beat of taking the
money from the right hand to the left
hand give you a link if you counted it
we get the sale we keep the money that's
basically what the fuck was going on you
don't mean and it's a it's all based on
fear like all of this shit like do you
want to be relevant you know that's
basically conversation that is basically
being had not that direct but it's like
as an artist you better try to get it
gets good numbers get that first week up
there and Dan I basically like fuck that
fuck it it doesn't even fucking matter
people are gonna come to the shows and
they're not gonna come to the shows
we're gonna make records people are
gonna buy more than ocular by them and I
think that it's really it's detrimental
to the music industry like to to pay too
close attention to certain metrics bands
like the the whole system right now with
these majors is like signing shit that
has the most social media interaction
the most streaming and I was like you
know what when I was nine years old I
bought Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby and I
listened to that shit like I'm not
joking like 250 times in a week like a
fucking idiot
I think that's who's listening to this
shit there's getting a billion streams
in a month
it's like fucking nine year old more on
our fan our fans have like you know they
they got like 150 albums that they
listen to on a sort of rotation at least
and ours maybe one of them a month and I
mean some it's like it's a different
fucking audience you know I mean it's
you look at Instagram and you sees these
certain people I've never even heard
their music they have and they have like
10 million followers yeah the other
thing is that there would be any
comparison at all like why why bother
comparing well that's exactly right
that's exactly right but that's the
problem is that there are two different
things that play at play here there's
the music injury industry itself which
is like certain people who work in
industry high ups are like we need to
sell records we need to we need like
this pop producer to work with this
writer and this artist and we need
streaming numbers and then there's
certain people you know like the old
guard like the Lenny Warren occur or
Seymour Stein or you know even got lots
of younger guys to but that you know
they're like actually what we're doing
is curating art that we really like and
it's either gonna sell it's not gonna
sell and a lot of the records that we
grew up listening to most of them we're
records made by these kind of insanely
eccentric weirdo
people right that never sold records but
have literally changed our lives and
like Captain Beefheart being one of them
you know like Tom Waits it has sold some
records but still like he's it's a much
different type of commercial viable
thing but these artists are why we make
music you know it has nothing to do with
this shit it's like the difference
between like the Voges
you know I mean and like the Fugs it's
like there's a lot of these the
comparisons that you can make about what
we do in our place in the music industry
is is is to do what we what we do and
for a while we were taking
in like the mainstream aspects of music
you know we were playing like the MTV
Movie Awards and having these insane
weird experiences only because we we
hadn't done it before and we felt like
we had to do it and I wouldn't I
wouldn't chat wouldn't change anything
but at this point like I think steer
steering as far away from all that shit
is what we want to do right now yeah
there's no reason to lump you in with
anything like why would any do you know
that's one of the weird things about
these award shows right you're lumping
all these different musicians together
that don't necessarily have anything to
do with each other just all make me to
check it out it's like we played the MTV
Movie Awards in 2012 we got offered to
do it we watched it when we were kids we
were in LA already it was like whatever
Aerosmith came out and introduced us and
now I'm thinking like why would they
agree to do to be on MTV Music Awards
and what what are they gonna get from
that whatever the whole thing was kind
of bizarre you know I mean it's all
really bizarre it's like we they need to
be in the spotlight or something you
know and we were just like I think we
kind of realized how goofy was while we
were there but we got an insane
experience because we hanging out with
Johnny Depp and Joe Perry and Steven
Tyler and Al and this is crazy cuz after
the after we do this little song
wherever we're out stage but loud
backstage by the trailers and um I like
see Steven Tyler and Joe Perry and
Johnny Depp talking and we walk over
because we just want to see what they're
talking about and I'm just saying well
I'm looking at the shit they're all
wearing the craziest assess accessories
like they're dressed up like you know
can Ark types of rock stars remember and
they're like talking about and Steven
Tyler and Joe Perry are talking about
transport out are gonna get their
arsenal across state lines and I think
what like yeah man we can't we travel
with a goddamn arsenal I think what like
yeah and ar-15s that we have fucking
grenades like this is insane man oh my
god I think it's worth it we're here
today just to hear these guys feel like
they need to travel with grenades but
then I was thinking about there have you
ever seen have you ever seen their video
game no dude the Aerosmith video game I
didn't know they had dude
if you if you watch their video game
after hearing this conversation Dan
lever privy to you like ah this isn't
this makes complete sense good it never
made sense to me it's like the
terminator arcade game or there's like
you know back in the early nineties it's
that but it's them it's like a fucking
saying you should put the put a clip up
of that here we go this is his game good
and then if it brings up a whole nother
thing which is like Oh weird
after the bottom after the bodycon shit
like this is a real fucked up game to
look at ya series oh right yeah
when did this come out though this has
gotta be old as fun anymore
oh my god it's hilarious so there in the
background playing and then in front of
them war it seems feasible
it just started Aerosmith into a game
it's called cocaine psychosis but that's
like the worst effort ever they just
stuck data they don't even look good we
kidnap them
oh no Oh hilarious that's part of the
game they kidnap him oh my god wow this
is terrible it's amazing that we back
then we're like this is so radical look
how good the graphics are you get used
to everything that's hilarious Steven
Tyler's the nicest fuckin guy ever yeah
he said they were really nice to just
like I didn't realize they had to travel
with weapons I didn't know they'd travel
with weapons we never discussed that
he's such a nice guy though yeah I met
him at the Ryman in Nashville backstage
- what else is recycling great place
that is all right and that's like one of
my all-time favorite places yeah so cool
you just feel the entertainment in the
walls it's like it feels like it's a
building that's been entertained you
know I mean I mean they did the Opry
there for how many years I don't know
so many people play there it just it
just feels special every week there's
something special going on there's so
cool
it is cool you know it's great that you
openly talk about
having these panic attacks because there
are so many kids that I'm sure who are
huge fans of yours who also have panic
attacks and they can't fucking believe
that you guys it with your level of
success could still have these little
battles you know that we've all had so
that's so huge that you're willing to
talk about that and say that that I'm
telling you that happened that was
definitely gonna make an impact on
people I you know I mean once you have
it like that first time I ever really
had a panic attack I had one and then I
kind of didn't have another one until
this moment on that Stella Palooza but
the first time really was in Amsterdam
to London Dan bought some mushrooms
uh and I guess they're illegal there I
never I didn't dam bought him and
brought him on the we were traveling in
a van at the time and they were giant
fresh mushrooms not even drying no man
it was like a meal and then he brought
him here like you guys you should take
some you should take some I ate like the
stem and I was basa I mean it was i
eating a burrito I was after like 20
minutes I had for 20-30 minutes is like
I don't feel I don't feel anything it
Dan's like Oh eat the fucking rest no I
eat the rest of this thing as a massive
ass thing and like just you're sweating
it smells like portobello mushrooms
seeping from my skin and I yell to the
driver I'm like starting to spin out
like how do how do you get this to stop
he turns around he only wore black and
his shades on and I thought I haven't I
thought at the time he was like Satan
he's like drink loads of beer like
whatta fuck
and then I just like in the back just
like fuckin like freaking out for like
two hours and finally we stop I'm like
we gotta I gotta get the fuck out of
this van this is this is in 2003 he's a
long time white knuckling your
girlfriend we get out and like I think I
just think it's the fresh air man I'm
like we stopped at this gas station in
Belgium and I walk into the bathroom
with Dan and they're like this woman's
like speaking in French like
you know I think it's basically saying
that caught other what's a fox you see
what's happening Danny it costs money to
pee here bro
and I think what you think I know man is
that crazy and I'm like fucking freaking
out and I all I had was like 50 euros
and I put it on the tray and Dan grabs
it and puts it in my pocket and then put
2nd nickel there dude it doesn't cost
that much to be like uh and then we both
started laughing that moment and then it
I turned the edge Oh from that and then
it was an amazing experience we started
being like laughing it like how clean
their dumpster was like this right I
think even the dumpsters here clean it
was a bright red gonna eat off it you
could eat it really it's really dumpster
dive here okay eating a regular meal but
I got that panicky thing right there at
the top and I swear that shit open it up
for me man there was no natural light in
the back of the van also all the windows
had the really dark dark tan black tint
Oh
so we were just in this panic van yeah
need to get outside yeah I remember when
this sliding door went open it was like
when they went into Willy Wonka's place
yeah all the light came in and yeah and
then it seemed like it was crazy because
when we got back in the van three
fucking hours later like our driver like
dude we gotta go think we've been here
for 20 minutes he's like it's been three
hours of you guys look talking about
this dumpster so we we get back in and
dance Dan like I don't know where his
girlfriend I guess maybe happen at the
time he's like do you want some bubble
go and we've been on tour for a month
and I never seen this bag it was like a
trash bag for gumball oh my god what the
fuck's happening this isn't just a music
man and so he put on NWA and I was like
we both started laughing I was like cuz
it sounded like fisher-price music like
so plastic and brittle and I do dude
this is so bad this is so awful and then
he put on Captain Beefheart safest milk
and it was like the most incredible
sounding record I've ever heard
it was fucking insane but it was that
experience that first opened up
me ever experiencing that like what the
fuck's happening like kind of fight or
flight but for no reason panic attack
thing and I think yeah I I deal with it
mostly by just when I'm on stage I still
get them occasionally if I come in too
fast you saying that it was started from
that trip is the first I've ever felt it
man Wow do you think you broke something
in there I don't think I took away too
much I'm really sensitive to I'm really
sensitive to getting high like yeah I I
just it's not in my system it's not it's
not for me you seem like you could have
been a comic mmm have you ever thought
about being a comic I don't think I
could I like bullshitting though but I
definitely I know I don't know you say
funny shit man give funny observations
and you're thanks you have a mean streak
I'm dan I'm Dan's personal comic that's
basically it yeah yeah he is it coming
but yeah the you think that that was the
first one and then from then it maybe is
opened up the door and because you had
one it makes it easier to have another
one is that how it works well I was
exhausted that day because when we were
kids we were kids partying for I was I'd
never been to Europe really we were in
Amsterdam I smoked weed the night before
which I don't do when we were drinking
and I barely got any sleep so a super
shitty feeling so every time I'm like
basically tired I'm more prone to that
shit and it happens like at the airport
and I don't like the airport to me early
morning flights it just it always kind
of like that was really hectic and like
everything's fucking moving around and
tired like fuck this is a fucking
miserable and festivals sometimes
they're so crowded and like yeah but no
I haven't had them I haven't had a
problem with them really but I thought
the hypnotism shit worked yeah it's
legit if you can get a good one a good
person who can hypnotize you can put you
in a state of mind and sort of change
your course just give you a little
adjustment adjustment in your perception
how you look at things it feels like
you're in like a little bit of a tunnel
it's very strange right it is it is
strange I think it's like when people go
see like a life coach maybe that's what
they're looking for
yeah just test some positive
reinforcements yes I think it just gets
in there better it's like it gets into
the operating system better than a guy
going what you need to do Pat yeah is
prioritize okay I think we look at
Instagram so like man I'm just so happy
I don't know there's there's there's
people kind of like this call yeah type
of mentality on Instagram there's a
whole there's a whole scene there
nobody's self-help man just like got ass
every one of these kids like went to a
boarding school and like disappointed
their parents giving people advice
exclusively as a way to live it's just a
strange way to go you know you got to do
things to like a lot of things yeah you
think it can't just be half dreadlocks
well sometimes people think that the
message is all it's important that is
that is most of what's important but
what's important is like but how did you
start doing this did you just decide to
be a motivational guy and you have you
done anything else no right on school
motivational guy that seems like are you
just repeating shit do you really know
that much about how to get your act
together or are you just kind of you
know this like there's a lot of
repeating shit yeah a lot of repeating
and I've repeated it myself I've like
I've said things myself that are
motivational things that I've heard
other people say and it's you know
because they're real it's it's effective
you can help people but if that's all
you're doing
yeah it's also when someone has a a
continuous message it's always the same
and it's always positive it makes me
really suspect because I might learn
this self-help guy on the Metallica
documentary who was offering the lyrics
yeah that's the best movie ever made
probably about music it's like it beats
spinal tap it's like if there was a
competition I have to come down on some
kind of monster huh it made me actually
like the well I've been made me as a fan
appreciate those guys in a weird way
their dysfunction like they became
characters well at one time I'll watch
the movie I make a man like Lars it's so
annoying
then I'll watch it again like I'll still
think Lars is annoying but I like I
still think he's right or
so I have a different view every time I
watch it yeah but ultimately I do I am I
just I end up liking this guy's because
of it more he stepped out in a big way
with that Napster thing was it was an
odd moment for everyone because everyone
was trying to figure out what is this
file-sharing thing how's it gonna fit
and then the music business you guys
felt it first like you guys were the big
hit more than anything cuz it's not the
same to watch a movie on your TV even if
you can download the illegal movie I'm
sure it'll have a little bit of a hit
but people want to go to the fucking
movie theater but with your shit they
can once it starts people start sharing
things you just you just get a file and
everybody kind of just assumed that well
I mean this is like this new frontier
and it's not really stealing you're just
copying it's just you're not giving them
money for it but you're not really
stealing got to this weird sort of
enlarge was the first guy to say hey
fuck you you're stealing like this but
it was a weird fight to have because
it's it you know hindsight is always
20/20 we know with what the Internet has
become since then it's incredibly
difficult to try to keep a rap on things
and to keep things to like keep someone
from downloading things like they just
get theirs so if you have songs they get
out there you know whereas that Napster
thing was the first time this was
happening and he was the guy who's is a
really really wealthy guy who was a huge
success saying don't do this like this
is stealing
well yeah it's like David versus Goliath
type of thing I mean clearly people
shouldn't steal but is it Metallica's
job to tell people that maybe but maybe
maybe they should have gone directly to
Napster or to the record label but I
thought you know when streaming first
started becoming like a real thing we
had to talk with a friend of ours who
basically encouraged us to look at it
and not do it and I went into it with
our manager when we're talking to
someone at Warner Brothers and said we
didn't want to do it and they were like
kind of outraged and like you can't not
do it you can't not do it
and
I didn't really know at the time but I
found out a couple months later that
they they I found out a couple months
later because I I was I was quoted in
Ron stone talking shit about like Sean
Parker and Spotify and it it what
happened is I ended up getting a phone
call or an email from from Daniel Hecht
the owner Spotify and we had lunch
together and he's fucking cool guy he's
a nice nice guy very intelligent and I
and I really saw his side of it for the
first time and he basically without
explaining it directly was like you know
that he's paying our label to get our
music what they do with the money he
can't control he's not really like that
at that moment I realized oh yeah
there's some stock being floated to
these companies which there was billions
of dollars of stock was sent and the
label has no obligation to give you
Megabus they gave us they gave us like a
couple hundred thousand dollars of it
out of the billion because they paid it
to us in a way the way the label does
was they paid it as an artist royalty
and it took all these deductions off of
it and it was a made-up number it's it's
there's a lot of money in the music
industry right now you know and the
problem is is that I think not like okay
so my favorite bands for the most part
don't have hit songs they don't get
played on k-rock they don't have like a
Macarena type shit under that's gonna be
coming their way you know I mean and
that and that's what pays money is like
they because they treat almost every
stream the same it's like there's a
different variety rate for if you pay
for Spotify and there's no royalty rate
for if you're listening on the free
service but what they need to do in my
opinion is they need to say this guy is
a Joe listens to music he has good taste
in music he he he follows 500 bands
which means that there's no possible way
that he's gonna be listening to all 500
of those bands you know in even a six
month period of time
but when he does choose to listen to a
song it it's worth like X like 10x
versus this person who's listening to
Oldtown wrote a thousand times a day
yeah because Joe is like actually
engaging with our thing and not just
streaming this song for free
and like a monkey like my mama you know
like a Pavlov you know whatever mouth
salivating every time they hear those
little little Old Town Road wherever I
was I look at my Spotify thing and I'll
go months and I have all I pay for all
of them I have like YouTube Apple
whatever I don't have title but that's
because they didn't they gave ownership
to like 12 artists and they're like fuck
you let's fuck is that
just keep the ownership and pay a higher
royalty you fucking cocksuckers honestly
so I'm like so I think I look at my
Spotify I listen to like I was like a
hundred songs a month it's barely
anything and I'm like the way to really
do this it's fair is you take my ten
fucking dollars right and listen to a
hundred songs that's it because I've got
so many ways to listen to music that you
listen you take that ten songs and you
give every buddy
ten cents but that's not the way they do
it they're like we pay point zero zero
zero five six seven cents per stream how
could you fucking know what you paid for
stream if you're if you're a
distribution service do you see what I'm
saying yeah I'm giving you ten dollars
and you're gonna take thirty percent off
the top like Apple music used to do when
you would buy a CD and then you take
seven bucks and throw it towards the
artists that would make sense to me but
they don't they're like they're paying
they're keeping all this fucking cash or
they're to keep it in a pile and then at
the end of day that is satiating like
you know Rihanna's 100 million dollar
check she gets every year you know I
mean if I know a lot of artists who just
they gets checks like two dollars and
fifty cents for a whole year on a record
that normally would sell like five or
six thousand copies but there's no need
like you have to basically be an idiot
to buy a CD nowadays you know because
it's a digital file that you ultimately
could download from Spotify on your
phone and have it with you forever
yeah you know unless you don't have the
Internet
you know if you're in Alaska or North
Dakota maybe you need to have a CD so so
few people are printing CDs then it
boils down to how much of an
infrastructure do you need as an artist
who how many people do you need to be
representing
you what how does your stuff get out
there doesn't it does it get I mean
especially with you guys doesn't it just
get out there because I mean I just
found out about you guys cuz somebody
tweeted it I got Mike oh who are these
guys I'm not worried about us bin it's
like the new bands coming out new bands
trying to break it that's what I'm
worried about yeah it's like we're fine
but it bums me out but I mean for
anybody in the business how much of an
infrastructure do you need in this
digital time well you just need someone
to figure out how to get it to people I
think it I think in a way it's like when
we first started our first record deal
was with a small label not far from
where we are here and the deal was this
give us 12 songs pay for the recording
yourself will master it which is the
final process of making a record that
cost a couple hundred bucks and we'll
send you 50 albums and we'll give you
like 12% of the money we make that was
it and oh and we're gonna have a $500
marketing budget that was out was that
that was the deal you know I mean so we
basically I mean we made this record
paid for ourselves
and we went on tour with this agent and
Ralph Carrera booked us a tour that kind
of a mercenary agent who would like
booked he booked the label I think paid
him a couple hundred bucks to focus his
tour and it all kind of started
steamrolling you know I mean but we had
no infrastructure we had no management
we had no agent we had nothing we just
kind of got in a van started going and I
think in a lot of ways nothing has
changed except for that when we got to
the second level you know the set liked
it there was a couple thousand dollars
there for us to make a record there was
opening slots that you know to arraign
was a little bit different then but I
think we've always kind of done it in a
way that was pretty DIY and the way it's
the same way it has to function now the
only difference is there's fewer record
labels that are gonna sit there and give
you fifteen thousand dollars to make a
record and maybe give you 10 grand to
help you buy a VIN and that's the
hardest step that's that's the threshold
for things bands are having a hard time
getting through you know once you get
through there then it's like then you
get to where we were four years which is
you're on a bigger label you're making
records and no one's paying attention to
you
the only reason why we ended up getting
attention paid to us I think by Warner
Brothers was for our wreck our six
record brothers it was a kind of a heavy
time I just turned 30 Dan just turned 30
and you know when he's turned 30 it
feels like you've gotten old you know I
mean and like especially in the
rock-and-roll business and we had this
good this record that I thought was
great and I went into when to talk to
Lyor Cohen with our manager uli or one
of the guys heads of Warner Brothers and
I and I was like we're like that were
the most synced band on Warner Brothers
which is when you get a song on a TV
show or a movie or a commercial I think
there's no other band for the last two
years this had as many sinks as we've
had but we've now I don't even know who
works the radio department at Warner
Brothers and we've been on your label
for like four or five years and Lior
basically like a that fuck he
prioritized us like that week and for
the first time was like we're gonna work
on your band and when that happened that
that's when the wall up loses shit
that's what a radio k-rock everything
fucking changed it took us six albums
and it took us all those sinks all that
shit all getting called sellouts all the
time for a while for Gavin our songs
calling yourself the same dudes it
wherever first shows that their arms
crossed sellout funny one you still do
the same music stupid to say music I
mean it's it's nice I think that you're
different I think I think that it cut
for this type of thing it comes from
that idea that like maybe like oh that
band like there I like to better when it
was at my secret my friend's nice right
okay so I don't want to share it with
this dude that's why I think it's
dangerous to have your song in certain
things like if your song comes on in
Walgreens you better watch out man
like that's a red flag because we've had
opportunities to have our songs sent to
like top 40 radio and there was this
thing where like if we one record of the
year for lonely boy Warner Brothers was
gonna service that song so top 40 it
would have never probably been a hit but
if
we would have one time that Grammy it
could have fucked a whole band up I've
seen it happen with lots of bands like
you just kind of it just like you become
like play school level yeah but do you
really think that you guys would change
just I think you go dude it's a check
that we would have changed but the thing
is is like you start accessing like you
start accessing you start have you
started acquiring it's a fan base that's
more fickle and maybe more annoying it's
like okay I bet you as a Cubs fan like a
Chicago Cubs fan in 2017 was like fuck
this World Series shit yeah every
motherfucker wearing a fucking Cubs hat
do you I'm saying yes and and I do I
know exactly what that food feel like
that's it it's probably the same thing
it's like someone's going in there to
get like someone's going to get a
shaving cream and this band that used to
play it like the fucking casbah and San
Diego is playing it well or checking out
like they're probably like fuck this
fuck this listen if you guys put out the
same music that you put out in that time
period it wouldn't have mattered your
music is it it's it is it's you guys you
know I mean it's not it's even though
you've gone experimental and you've done
different styles of songs and in some of
them feel more bluesy some of them feel
more right it's like it's still black
keys if you guys just did that it
wouldn't matter what you're on nobody
gives a shit yeah I do give a shit fuck
them I had a big realization that's like
a couple years ago I did this record
this guy from Cleveland Ohio and Glenn
Schwartz this guitar player I used to go
see Glenn when I was in high school when
I was 17 he played at the this place
called hoople's and in Cleveland Ohio
and I guess use just a tiny little place
he was the original guitar player in the
James Gang so he like Joe Walsh says
he's first saw him in like 65 or
something and he was like on somebody's
shoulders in purple bell-bottoms no
shirt playing electric guitar solo and
he said Joe Walsh
said that that guy made me want to play
electric guitar Wow you know and this
guy I used to go see him all the time
and he would play these songs which
happened to be religious which is just
like another story but it sounded like
cream crazy anyway two years ago I had
him at the studio and it was all these
memories were flooding back of all this
like heavy electric guitar and seeing
link wray in Cleveland Ohio and playing
in the basement with Pat and it was all
at the same time and all of the sounds
from the first Black Keys records we're
coming out of this he's almost like 80
years old playing this fiery electric
guitar and it was just like it's who he
was and he helped me become Who I am and
as soon as I finished that record I
called Pat and we made this this new one
mm-hm and it was with that spirit it was
like and it was just the two of us and
we never even talked about working with
it we didn't even talk about it we just
put it in the books and we got together
because I knew that we always know no
matter what happens Pat and I can make
music because that's just who we are we
don't even have to think about it
whatever the fuck you're doing keep
doing it exactly the same way what
you've done it's I mean you've some of
my favorite workout music of all time
favorite driving playing music sinister
kids more my favorite right about to get
on stage songs that's cool that's one of
my favorites fucking love that song
that's the funny thing is like when you
start look like sometimes I just nerd
out and I start but not like when I'm
just like sitting at home I look at like
play counts of songs that one is one of
those songs that we recorded like this
is one of our best songs and it's it was
one of the least purchased at least it's
like it's like but it's funny I think
it's one of Dan's papers too it's like
it's fucking great song most of the
stuff that uh you know that's what's
important about music is it's just to do
what you are good at what you feel yeah
what you connect to and I think that I
guess that's alternate what I'm trying
to say is that like it's always been
this way where it's like there's always
been this noise of like you know
annoying annoying
kind of mainstream music and the problem
is is that because everything is getting
streamed on the same platform and there
there's no more in like there's less
independent record stores there's less
these there's no college music journal
there's nothing's kind of compared to
it's like you know you listen to like
the new like purple mountains record
which is a guy who unfortunately passed
away this summer friends of ours David
Berman I mean I think it's maybe his
greatest work right and the record has a
maybe a million streams or something and
in the compared to like oh whatever
Drake is doing that gets lost it's
completely lost in I I think that there
needs to be a better way to highlight
this stuff it's still crazy to me that
there isn't like a website that I can go
to as a as a crazy music fan that I
think is curating music that I actually
want to hear and I have we both have
really like open minds when it comes to
music but there isn't one thing it's
just like highlighting stuff from the
underground from mid-level rock have you
ever thought about doing something we've
talked about Rollins does it Rollins
does what does he do every Sunday he's
he's got a great show where he picks all
the music all obscure cool shit you know
weird old Stooges songs you know like we
both had wants we both have the radio
shows on Sirius Radio currently and the
I don't know man I don't think I don't
think many people actually even listen
to that the thing about the serious
thing you have to listen to it when it
comes on yeah if you have it on
something where people could just access
well as access at any time it's hard
it's also hard because I think that
they're part of the problem actually
serious yeah like this the way that
they've programmed that the four or five
Rock channels like there's a channel on
there called the spectrum dan has a show
in there and um it's like the triple-a
channel which would be like KCRW here or
whatever like the Morning Becomes
eclectic I trying to think what what
song it was exactly that I heard but
they started tapping in like this should
be a format that's highlighting like
you know I think music that's current
music that's coming out you know I mean
like and they were playing like a couple
of u2 songs on there the other day I'm
like this is a band it plays the Rose
Bowl why the fuck are you playing them
on a fucking Triple A you fucking
asshole you know me Isaac seriously yeah
and then I go and I look to the
alternative station and alternative
station is playing like pop music you
know I mean like literally pop music and
then you go to the alternative channel
and they're playing like five or six
artists or the indie channel there's
like there isn't there's like almost
there's I don't know there's like under
representation of I mean I think
everybody this way I went to France this
summer for a month I always wanted to
take this trip my family that we went to
the south of France rented a car and I
decided I didn't even hooked my phone up
to the car for weeks I just write when I
turn it on I scan the radio and I heard
a song I late you know that what the
fuck is that on this channel called
Radio Nova which is a nationwide not
digital terrestrial station on in France
I heard this song as it what is that man
oh man that's like a new song by a Damon
Albarn from blur from a record called
Africa Express
I never heard is amazing this song how
is that not playing anywhere in America
I listened to this channel every day for
the whole trip and every single day I I
heard maybe two songs in like 21 days
that I knew it was all new it was all
current some of it was classic even the
classic stuff it was like a Janis Joplin
song I never heard it was like true I
felt like I entered a different
dimension and I came back to the US and
I put on my satellite radio I think why
am i hearing the same fucking bullshit
there's so much good shit out there and
even when I go to the algorithm my
algorithm on a I was sitting with this
guy named John Vanderslice the other day
he's well-known indie producer we were
looking at our algorithms our
predetermined Spotify thing and every
single thing was something that I had
listened to already except for one
artist and it was it was something I
didn't even care for like it's all the
technology with all the ways to hear all
the million
songs on Spotify they still haven't
figured out how to satiate new like
someone's desire to hear new music do
you know do you think it's because they
try to program those those channels
strictly to be commercially viable they
just want to make money from it and they
feel like if they put you to or in old
Elton John silent you flipping through
the channels you'll stay on it either if
it doesn't match the format that you're
looking for I think I think that they've
gotten their asked so far into metrics
and statistics yeah they've stopped any
sort of actual curation using taste and
the only way you get to something
worthwhile is through taste I mean it's
really the opposite process that should
take place it should be you build the
the art up and then the business files
behind it but instead it's like you have
this giant business that you have to
keep feeding so you just keep you have
to sell more and have as many channels
that are commercially viable as possible
whatever our numbers man I've had a show
on that channel on that I've had a show
on that with that company for five years
I'd do it for free I don't get paid five
years every month I had this one artist
I worked with I was like I really think
you should consider this for something
that you might want to put on a playlist
really like this isn't some paola shits
with five years I've I think and they're
like
she doesn't have the social media
numbers we're looking for okay I think
you know what that means that you're
what you're adding is just some dumbass
it's good at social media like I mean
yes I mean that's that if that's what
qualifies you to get on radio then we're
all fucked and well they should have a
better social media so they don't have
to think about that so when they find a
new artist that's great you pump up
their social media with your social
media and then you put them on your
network and people tune in and if you
have a trustworthy list of people if you
continue to recommend really good
artists they go oh holy shit well I
think yeah I think if good taste I think
that you're not I think that the social
media thing is a lot of it I mean I
think it's um it's fake the numbers that
the numbers of yeah I think that it you
know there's this there's a couple he's
like kind of like I don't know I don't
want to name names I don't talk to you
but it's like it's like this form of
music that I it's like pop rap
thing that it's always like some white
dude with tattoos all over his fucking
face that just came out of nowhere and
like there's always like the I there's
social media is always like man I've
cleaned up my act I'm so glad to be
alive and bringing their music to you
soon
but never had a hit and but they have
like five hundred thousand likes on this
shit you look at who's liking it it's
all like mindless kids you know I mean
not to say that that's bad but I'm
saying like you can't as an adult like
program and radio station look at that
but this means I mean honestly was if
you go back to 1991 right Nirvana's
Nevermind came out like they didn't have
the equivalent of social media she
didn't have shit going on they had a
fucking song that does knocked everybody
across the fucking face and because the
programmers are looking at these other
dumb metrics yeah they're not gonna get
that song across I mean like Billy
Eilish I think thing is pretty cool
actually and but I think there's a Billy
Eilish to be found every month hmm you
know I mean it's not that there's so
much good music and to go to have to go
to France to hear American music on the
radio is is insane
well why don't you curate something like
this and put it on the internet it seems
like a simple solution you have such
like strong tastes well you have a love
for this kind of music and you're
already doing it unserious from zero
money that's why we're here Joe we need
someone to give us the opportunity well
young Jamie's gonna he'll help you we'd
all say hey speaking of young Jamie
we're playing a festival in Vegas on
Saturday oh Sh and uh little Wayne is
going on before us oh shit which isn't
the first time that's happened that's a
good story would you like him yeah I
would never met him personally miss
music school but we've got big Wayne to
come out with us you have to work oh
okay way to do it Wayne Newton oh no
shit
yeah we lay in Vegas like we got Lil
Wayne before us we have to have big
Wayne with us so we booked that Wayne
Newton is he gonna sing a song he's
gonna sing longer hold me boy holy shit
holy shit
so you should you should time your
psychedelics to be you can write about
then - that's 12:40 a.m. that sounds
amazing
I know oh my god we played this festival
with Lil Wayne um call it was called the
Virgin Mobile fest and it was a it was a
free fist
yeah Baltimore CA tickets for free they
paid us they paid bands well and
everything the Stooges played we got to
hang out with the Stooges and like which
was amazing because we're backstage and
like the Ashton brothers are stayed in
their chain-smoking that arguing about
how to change like a catalytic converter
like this is so fucking Detroit man and
they're so real this is fucking yeah I
was like fuck man was in all just like
this shit like and then a couple hours
later we little Wayne's supposed to go
on the same stage as us right at for us
right for us you know that the stage
manager is like absolutely no buses near
the stage so we cuz it was a horse track
it was like a you know well manicured
horse track you couldn't pull a bus on
the track so we we had a park our shit
like way across field whatever and where
we go over onto on the golf cart
whatever and he's Lil Wayne supposed to
be done he's not even there yet and
we're like what the fuck's happening and
then so he shows up the bus rolls up
right to the stage right across the
track jaian jaian like dents in the
track and him and like I'm not joking
thirty of his friends get off the bus
probably and just immediately go right
to the stage everybody except for Lil
Wayne music starts playing from like a
CD player and they play a whole set they
a whole set and we're supposed to be out
at this time so right we're like looking
at the clock like our sets almost done
and they're they're still playing like
the fuck's happening and then it all
ends the him him getting an electric
guitar and like I don't even know what
the fuck he was doing but it wasn't
playing it but it was loud and it was
like people were I think he thought that
like he could pretend to be a guitar
player at a festival and people would
understand hit like would just not know
that it wasn't good
and I was just like this is fucking
crazy like in kind of half the crowd
kind of bought it I'm like which is also
good for my anxiety which is like don't
even have to be good anymore guitar but
then we're like you know we're like this
our sets what time do we what do we do
now no the stage man's like well
obviously you're gonna get paid and
we're like obviously and like we could
need to play a full set or three songs
like no one paid for a ticket
we're playing three songs they're out of
here so maybe he does that again this
time so if he dies like you might get
there only see what us play lonely boy
Wayne Newton which would be worth the
cost of admission why don't you guys
have him go on later doesn't that make
me Priscilla we have to headline our
egos I understand yeah I probably switch
that around
I'd take the hit head to Denver earlier
it just seems like you guys yeah I'm
just gonna wait do a lot of waiting we
should I should say man I agree
yeah I mean I don't wanna go on the limb
15 he's he woke up at 5:00 this morning
what's he gonna do a helpful date he's a
huge act too it's not like you can't
headline things well you know he don't
Lane he just left he just left the
blink-182 to her I read because you know
that people don't at the arena shows
obviously people don't all get there for
the support band uh
so he was playing like half full room
and I think left we could give him a
full room in yeah I got I'll take that
head cuz we could go play blackjack for
an hour
Wayne Newton might not be available
though who's that that tore up that
festival yeah oh that would like way to
this yeah who said who set it up with
you guys what what foots or what I mean
that thing you're doing a show it's a
festival so it's cured by a talent buyer
usually in connection with like aids
year Live Nation's it seems an odd
pairing
yep festivals now are ah I mean I think
it's cool to have a hot parent and it's
like like I said eleven years ago we had
the same pairing with will Wayne
but I think I do think you know the
festival thing is gathering a little bit
it's getting you know it's festivals are
kind of for younger people so that hmm
because that there's a lot more you know
there's like a lot more pop kind of
stuff you know I think we're one of the
few rock bands playing the whole
festival really I mean one of the few
bands of the drum set that's for sure um
it's strange time in do you enjoy these
festivals I mean why do you guys do them
at this point do you feel like I don't
think we're gonna do that many coming up
yeah we're kind of I think we're I think
this might be one of the last ones we do
for a while because I just think at this
point you know if I was you guys I just
wanna do my own shit we will we pulled
out a Woodstock for that for that reason
for that reason because we didn't want
that to be our first show back and four
and a half you mmm it was more money
than we'd ever been paid for show our
age was it well you sure you wanna
cancel it
we had it took four days of him checking
we're like wow cancel it it's a it's not
gonna be cool beat I don't want to play
that as our first show back and he's
like whoa there's a good chance it's
gonna get canceled and if you cancel it
you're not gonna get paid I think why
would we want to headline a fest that's
what gets canceled is this your agent
yes that's hilarious they're trying to
get you paid for something that might
get cancelled I don't I don't feel
comfortable taking money like Patton we
got a guarantee I got a guarantee Pat
that's hilarious
yes which year was this which year would
start this one this one okay be real
showed us footage of the one that he was
at which was how many years ago quite a
few I saw him they're insane he's crowd
surfing they took yeah people came to
different shows with shows why look'st
and I ended in flames it looks like
chaos there's too many people
you know helicopter folks in it's like
all the cars are blocking the highway
like this is a shit
do they do it the same way I just
remember a corn headline one night and
it was just like a sea of fucking people
and it was so dark and ominous you know
what I mean is this fucking why and they
all had that haircut that went on back
then where that you'd shave like the
sides in the back
and then pull the top back you know
there's a lot of angst in the metal on
the metal ball necklaces metal ball
necklaces I missed that one it was like
ball bearings you know oh yeah sure I'll
bear oh that's big accurate at least I
worked at a record store when that corn
record came out in 1999 and um that's
when I first really got a glimpse at how
fucked we are there's like a Modest
Mouse record to come out and like I told
that two or three copies of it and
they're just like droves of morons
coming in saying I need that new corn
record well I think we had boxes upon
boxes like fuck man we're fucked
and I went into the bathroom and I was
like like at the end thinking about this
in the bathroom went that place was just
covered in like pornography not like
this is like so fucked up and then the
movie idiocracy came out I was like this
is fucking living in this shit already
and then the last five years have
happened I was like we're fucking so
deep into this shit man so deep yeah
it's happening at the same time they're
they're cracking the egg that is
artificial intelligence trying to get
that fucking thing do they need it for
certain areas I went to this I went to
this rural rural County Fair Nashville a
couple weeks ago because my wife want to
take our baby to see the little piglets
and stuff so we go into that but the 4-h
kind of area and it's cute and like you
know real right real motherfuckers who
work their asses off in there but then
we go into the actual fair part where
and it is these corn these people I sold
corn records to like 20 years ago are
now there and dude I won't okay
they had lemonade right which is
basically like crunchy like crunchy
lemonade there's so much sugar in this
shit like everyone's getting like
diabetes on the spot i order three large
lemonade's there's six dollars apiece
I gave the woman a $20 bill and she
gives me back 15 bucks and stars and
starts talking to me
mm-hmm and as she's doing that she's
doing this she's like she's like talking
about fucking I'm not joking wheel of
fortune just to no one I'm like this
shit oh my god shows like Michelle what
do i do do I give but she don't correct
this shit like it's gonna be way too
complicated just take it as like take
the money don't feel guilty oh you're
gonna embarrass her she doesn't even
know what's happening she's talking
about fucking Vanna White and like fuck
and I look surrounded like men oh
there's a lot of fucking people on pills
in this country or something oh yeah
it's like then that's where I was like I
started going this rant on the way home
my babies trying to sleep I'm like how
is Bernie Sanders talking about paying
back college loans when there's people
who don't have a middle school or high
school education I mean these if a lot
of this comes down to just fucking
education you know I mean and I was like
that's a really weird way to talk about
get it you know spending tax dollars
actually is on pain back college loan
but I think it just wants a free people
from debt the the problem with college
loans is people sign up for them when
you young and dumb and you don't exactly
know what you're doing and we're getting
to a point in our life where do we sit
we knew that we needed to drop out
because we wouldn't get a fucking job
from Akron University's philosophy the
poor now we just have we started a band
with debt we both had debt from school
they both had debts everybody does I
actually went to this art school they
let recruiters come in in the fucking
high schools
it seems criminal to me it's kind of
weasely they're they're kind talking you
into something check it out I went to
this may be a good thing for you I went
to this school for two quarters called
the Art Institute of Pittsburgh right
and that I I didn't know that it wasn't
accredited I didn't know shit they came
and they recruited me and I couldn't get
into any art school I had horrible
grades in math so I tested into like
four years of remedial maths was like I
don't want to fuck you do that I like
photography or whatever and after two
quarters I had a teacher who just like
he went to me in the morning like a
after 10 o'clock or 10:30 class rivers
like wreaked of whiskey and he said you
say you I need to talk to you and he he
busted out his portfolio which is all at
this point this is like 1998 the shit's
from the mid 70s in a dusty all the
colors are faded they do you want to do
this what's your life and it's fun it's
photographs of cupboards cabinets
photograph cabinets you get the fuck out
of here kid this degrees meaningless its
unaccredited you want to fucking be
loading cameras what's your fucking life
either you're the only one in here that
gives a fuck and I think you fucking
seriously think I'm fucking serious and
I went home and I was like dad I I think
I made a mistake and this school say
$8,000 a quarter it was fucking
expensive you know oh wow
and and I dropped out so then I drop out
and I had this whole other experience
but fast forward to 2014 were on tour
we're about to go to Pittsburgh I
talking to the Pittsburgh post-gazette
they're like and I owe ya man I love
Pittsburgh from Akron two hours away I
actually used to live there I went to
this school actually it's one of the
biggest scams of all fuckin time and
what school MRSA Pittsburgh and it
became like local news for weeks like so
I just did it I did a pre to her
interview with the same writer a couple
weeks ago he's like hey man remember
that interview we did about a new talk
about talking shit on the artistry of
history like anything they went out of
business and like literally they kind of
hold you accountable for it and I'm like
well how does it cause go outta business
because they're scamming fucking kids oh
it was a scam a lot of college is a
fucking scam Wow I mean I think I know
right now I had a relative who was going
to I've paid for a lot of fucking
liberal arts schools you would be
surprised how much how much I paid for I
never went to a school I how about
family members shit
I paid for a year in Oberlin which is
not fucking cheap you know I should get
a fucking honorary degree from this shit
I paid for the ship I don't have
education I got asked
asked to pay for some of Lewis and Clark
you know and fucking $60,000 here school
in Portland man and a lot there's a
school called Oberlin liberal super
liberal arts school really cool radio
station a lot of cool people go to the
conservatory you know very liberal
school and Dan are pretty little
motherfuckers you know and uh and it's
not far from Akron it's close so we I
would drive to Overland they had good
shows there yeah 60 miles my girlfriend
went there at the time and I would go
see concerts and all kinds of shit but
every time I would go there like all
these kids that were like from New York
City rich kids from New York or whatever
big oh man I was at expressed an opinion
about something
Inuvik man you're just a townie dude
like just a townie I'm like fuck you
motherfucker like fuck who the fuck are
you you just have let your parents have
a bigger bank account than mine that's
the only difference you fucking asshole
and I don't feel bad that you don't have
a job after you have a fucking to grieve
here you fucking dick serious I don't
feel bad that he done did a job after a
college going to college I think I was
like what I mean I don't know I was like
fully prepared to it when I dropped out
school if the bike keys thing hadn't
worked start a lawn care business I
don't know
wash people's fucking windows I don't
really know I wasn't gonna write papers
I wasn't gonna write academic papers I
knew that much believe it or not this is
a tour basically this is you guys do
yeah you get wound up my stepmom are my
step my stepdaughter has her friends
over right and I'm like and uh I I was
like she had her birthday party she had
three it was three of her friends over
there all 14 and they were over for two
hours already it was like beautiful day
in the summertime and like I go up into
their room and there's no sound I'm like
they're all on their devices like you
guys need to give me your fucking
devices
get get out of the room I'm like so
jacked up like sergeant slaughter I
don't mean to sound this irritated I
don't know why I do I just don't mean to
sound that I really I really don't care
as much as I sound but we need I need to
show you that there's other stuff to do
and you guys should be hanging out and
then like it was weird because I was
telling him like you know when I was a
kid we used to watch the troll - and
like we would have super watch control -
and make fun of the troll - the movie
movie yeah so I'm like I go I go up
there I get late at night like 1:00 in
the morning they're all watching troll -
but the thing that's like they're deep
into the movie I'm like oh my god we
always turned it off after the first we
have to tell you you guys are gonna warp
your brains watch it all roll - I've
never seen troll - I only saw a troll
one what's the difference oh no there is
a movie I think called troll but it's
not but it's not related they're not
related no troll - is it relatable
imagine like there's a troll was I'm
gonna call my movie troll - but a man
trolls my movie no no roles I could be I
could be wrong I could be wrong but I
really believe I really believe troll 2
is related fro is a hilarious thing if
that's true that is a hilarity I'm gonna
do to somebody I don't think I don't
think the troll won't even exist
actually really yeah how it's totally
true how is there only troll - I know
this is a big thing is a real screenshot
well I kind of either there's this video
store when we were kids who videos were
a big deal for us actually and oh yeah
Highland square video we find out
there's a troll one because only control
to it sometime something I know that
makes it even more magical I don't think
there's a troll woman search the troll
wanted this doesn't know that's it's not
related though man oh but there was a
movie about these giant trolls or was it
Leonard part 6 there's a Leonard part 5
or 4 3 or 2 1 but that's all there it's
called troll - there was one movie
I want to say it was a foreign movie
that was really ridiculous about these
giant trolls a few years back and it was
pretty stupid too I thought this was it
this is a different one
well that's back in the time when like
things were made that were horrible and
it and it was almost like people didn't
realize how bad they were
oh look at this it has no real
connection to the original troll which
is his troll 1986 is not the one that I
saw I saw some other one the trolls were
giant there were like its biggest trees
there like in the distance it's a
revelation something about great bad
movie so that's it's there fun well you
know how like the secret knowledge of
things like videos getting passed around
before YouTube and it's no different
than music was the same way it's like
you can absolutely this weird record
would come across you're like the first
like mad scientist or dub record which
you would never find it in Akron
anywhere you get like a dub copy of that
but it was like that was videos to like
just go white yeah Jessica White yeah
just go away yeah Pat yeah who you the
first want to show me that yeah or Steve
Bannock was that five documentary the
wild and wonderful whites of West
Virginia holy shit dude I've never seen
it but while they were making that we
knew someone who was in touch with
Jessica because we were we were we were
in the Jesco based on that PBS thing
from them we probably 90 we've got four
track recordings we were basically
quoting lines from the original top
movie we were watching the stuff in like
95 96
yeah well check it out we we were
playing our first show at the Ryman and
our very first show at the Mother Church
at the Mother Church in country music
we we had we had Jessica come down from
West Virginia in Florence and he got so
fucking drunk this video got shit
hammered he took his shirt off sort
twiddling his nipples he started faking
master pit and then his sister's
dragging him offstage
no one since Hank Williams that oh I've
never seen that yeah he got he literally
got thrown out the back door with his
shoes fella
but they were his grandfather's yeah I
didn't like someone accused us of
stealing his shoes I like the dude
fucking lost his shoes steals you did
you have interactions with him or did it
just go on I spoke to him a little bit
but you guys organized this oh yeah
didn't you want to say hi to him I said
I don't oh you did oh yeah he I didn't
because by the time he was there by the
time he I saw him he was wasted and it
was and he was wild-eyed well yeah it
was like for real sometimes the joke
just gets a oh that's a joke gets to
real shit I thought he was coming I
actually tapped and do a shit but he's
just so shit-faced he couldn't do well I
recommended that movie to somebody and
they watched it and he was like hey man
why the fuck did you make me watch it
what's wrong with you people live in
hell I try to show people that like oh
yeah this people like um you know some
people that why the fuck would you watch
a movie like that how could you say it
to influence on you I don't know I don't
know West Virginia is a strange
placement and those people that are you
know living in trailers and doing a lot
of pills and there's like entire
communities of zero hope and insanely
poor that's one of my favorite states
it's so beautiful there which Ward yeah
Gorge the new rivers beautiful yeah I
dated a girl right who lived right there
but in Steubenville right on the Dean
Martin Highway and man it was so pretty
she could she lived in in Ohio and could
see Pennsylvania and West Virginia
across the river from her front porch
mm-hmm
there's something like kind of magical
about that state actually you go in
there oh yeah this is fucking cool
there's this weird diners there's you
know that but the thing is it's like
there's no industry so people don't have
jobs obviously then they also have their
own property that were property is
completely worthless it's like a lot of
America's like that you know people tend
to forget like a lot of people we're so
used to seeing it I mean we grew up in
Akron grew up in where the industry when
I mean we have those big rubber money
like mansions that are just vacant now
you know and when I'm in like anywhere
including a home in Nashville I'm like
fuck the 3 million dollars for that
fucking house I was like you could buy
the whole fucking city block to Akron's
three million dollars there's a house
for sale in Akron right now that was the
co-founder of Goodyear tires mansion 1.7
million
it's like 18,000 square feet it's
fucking insane Wow
yeah and there's no there's no
three-bedroom apartment around the
corner from our hotel in Santa Monica
what would you take same price
one of them's 100 acres if one of them
is made out of all materials you can get
at Home Depot and one of them's
hand-carved woodwork I'm still surprised
that more people haven't left the big
cities and moved into places more people
working virtually I don't know why they
have it we never I mean I never moved to
the big city really Nashville's big city
I've ever lived in Nashville's not a big
city no but it's a it's got a good size
there's plenty of folks yeah there's
plenty so it's it's like it will sit it
feels like the same size to me it's
Cleveland or Detroit I don't know it's
slightly bigger population wise but
footprint wise it's smaller I think you
drive through Cleveland it takes a long
time it's a long if you're going
lengthwise at least otherwise it's like
really short so two months what like 30
miles long but growing up in Akron and
like you guys had to feel like you were
on the outside of the music business
right like the business itself was in
Nashville in LA in New York and you know
growing up in an accountant is an
advantage well we did but oddly Pat and
I had a connection to the real music
business but both in our family my
cousin was Robert Quine star player who
played with Lou Reed and Richard Helen
avoids one of the first punk guitar
players really influential and the Pat's
uncles Ralph Carney saxophone player
played on all the Tom Waits records b52
records all kinds of records uh-oh it
was weird
and these guys weren't like financially
successful but they were critically
lauded kind of individuals they were
professional musicians and so they amend
records and it was just
so they woke up around the block from
each other so what we want mean that we
looked at that right the idea of making
a record was what we want that's all we
wanted to do it was making a record and
then you know by the time we were
selling that like 150 200 seat rooms we
were like we fucking have made it this
is it this is fucking awesome this is
what we wanted and then we would be like
what if we try to sell out the 400 seat
room what if you know it was just kind
of slowly went and then finally we got
to this point where we're like well what
if we trying to play Madison Square
Garden and our manager is like yeah you
could do it and we're like well let's do
it and then we did two nights there and
that's literally what started from
playing that are his tour history like
in Brooklyn or in New York was like we
open for a ska band and on a Monday
night in Brooklyn for 50 bucks we drove
all the way from Akron 88 hours each way
made $50 that's our first show New York
and why and yeah that's a fucking
Barclays or whatever but it also it was
all like it was like it was like
honestly when we got to the point where
we were playing a troubadour like we
fucking have done it we've we fucking
got there they're like well there's
another venue down the road a little bit
bigger yeah that's well it's always
you're a gigantic venue well that's why
someone who doesn't understand anxieties
never gonna understand how person like
you with all that success could still
get weirded out do you know I mean
that's that's what makes it interesting
like the the managing of the mind you
know I mean Danny I was pretty confident
but we're also that but we're not like
would you know I think you're only as
good as your last show really you know
as good as your last record and you know
you can't just skate by under shit yeah
so I and we all knew bands growing up
that kind of did right they had a couple
good albums and then things kind of went
off the rails dude it's like my favorite
band is like growing up with Devo cuz
they're from Akron and they're like this
different kind of crazy band punk band
you know and there is something special
about acronym
what's but it's something special about
Ohio yeah well you watch you watch a
band ledyba Dobbs and say get to get to
LA and whatever happened there the
change that happened and um there's
something I mean that's been something
that Dan I've been I mean I think
actively trying to avoid is that that
kind of thing hmm
you know but yeah that's like I go home
to Akron I fully get I fully accept and
know that I'm gonna get made fun of for
certain things
I'm not I mean I'm gonna make a real
individual get my shit thrown at me by
my friends and they're gonna make fun of
me for whatever rightfully so but yeah
Akron Ohio and and the Midwest it's in
an inspiring place because it kind of is
a vacuum and the people who are
operating there like 99% of them are
operating this because they have no
other choice that and they love doing
what they're doing
music-wise so you go to New York his
first time and it's like you know the
smallest little band has a connection to
the biggest producer and if I take here
too you know I'm gonna try it like it's
like true good people like a will a
group anytime there's like four
teenagers playing music together here
like we're gonna give you a big deal and
get you on MTV it never fucking works
out I mean that's like think about the
amount of fucking bands that have come
from Los Angeles how many great rock and
roll bands have come from LA I mean
seriously it's a fucking massive city
it's the biggest county in the country
the music industry is here and they take
the last 20 years of great bands from
Los Angeles to you you wouldn't have a
long list same with New York City you
know if you go the last 40 years the
list doesn't grow that much do you think
it's better this what I'm saying do you
think it's better to be on the outside
do you think it's better to be in a city
where you're in kind of a small town
here's what I think is best
I think if you can really integrate with
the music industry peripherally from the
outside it's always best how so what do
you mean like if you end up signing a
major label like what we
assignment we got some offers early on
to signed to major labels early on and
we did not do it mostly because the like
the car they kept we kept being strung
along like the contract will be there in
a week a week would pass finish up two
weeks have passed we call it'll be there
next week
finally we're like fuck this we realized
at the age of 22 we realize if we signed
this shit and they can't get a contract
to us to even look at in six weeks if we
make a record there's we're gonna be so
fucking log jammed it's like we're never
gonna be able to do this shit so we we
took the gamble and we signed with the
small indie and just kept fucking going
you know and when we finally went to a
major it was on a subsidiary of a major
with really supportive president and we
were kind of on outside still even over
inside ran outside and we were able to
do our thing we've never had a A&R guys
sit around and tell us to speed the song
up or or whatever but the problem is if
you get in without having some of those
boxes ticks and you get in you sound a
big big record deal off the bat some
fucking dumbass who has a communications
degree from like fucking Pepperdine
sitting down next to you big I think the
hi-hats too loud bro I mean k-rock can't
play that the drums are they disguise no
he's talking about you know me and like
that's that right there and when you get
those notes coming from some dude it's
your ANR guy that doesn't really notice
to it I mean there are good a and our
guys but most of them are these types of
dudes and I'll be like yeah man like and
it's it's basically what they are doing
right then when they're telling they're
getting in your head bag
you got to change the hi-hat on the mix
man what they're saying is when this
record fucking fails and I can't deliver
that any sort of fandom to you that I'm
gonna say that you turn the hi-hat down
too low or I turn the Hyatt he didn't
turn it down low enough there's all
cop-outs everywhere and what only way to
get through that is to we we learned how
to make records ourselves in a basement
we had a tape machine at a hundred
dollar tape machine and RadioShack
microphones and we recorded our first
record like that we did our second
record like that our third record like
that our fourth record like that and
finally we
went into the studio danger master and
we we knew how to run a mixing desk you
know I mean we knew what we liked so if
someone came in that wasn't Danger Mouse
and was like this or or one of the mix
Avengers we've worked with if if someone
came in and said the kick drum sounds
like shit we'd be like fuck off we know
what a kick drum drum can sound like
we've been doing this and I think
basically if you could spend the time
get the time I get that that's why
that's why they liked it back in the day
it's like you know a record deal a
record a band takes years to develop you
know I mean it took us it took us eight
years before we got a song on the radio
of actively making records and touring
and a lot of this stuff set up with
labels where they want like a hit on the
second record you know my I'm married to
a woman who's sold millions and millions
of albums and of songs that she wrote
you know and when she turned in an
Americana record like Warner Brothers
gave her such to run around the shelves
of record that cost 800 grand to make
because they said there wasn't any hits
on it that's that's no way to be an
artist do you know what I mean yeah and
so we've just always avoided that
so they shelved the record they just
didn't even bother trying to release it
to cut their losses no man and then they
charged her for it and then The Dropper
I mean that's that's that's why so they
shall vit they never release it yeah
they've never really they just drop her
yeah dude that's how that that's how
they do this shit though archives of
these labels are filled up with shit
that's been shelved really hell yeah I
mean and I don't know the business well
my I learned all this stuff early on
because my uncle Ralph who Dan mentioned
was signed to Warner Brothers in the
late 70s he made a record with his band
called tin Huey it sold like 5,000
albums you know like failure and then
they gave him like 30 grand to fuck off
and they made some Retton they made a
record in between then and this fuckin
Shelton happens all the time
how many good records that they have
shelved what do they do with them
ultimately like if people know about do
I think there's a lot of good records
but I also think there's a lot of
records that started off really good and
then
pepperdine dude like remix this you need
to remix it you need to do that into the
at this you need to do this do this some
dude just gassing you know yeah it's
like it's not hard to just guess it's
like if I'm if you're like looking at
remodel in your kitchen it's like and
you're an idiot you just put the stove
here fucked out put it over to the left
actually right up redo you know I mean
but if you're really a producer musician
that makes records and you turn it like
you turn in a record it's so frustrated
when you get someone that doesn't know
what they're doing exactly maybe you
should do this I actually had that
happen to me there's this band called
the sheepdogs this Canadian band they
actually this record end up going
platinum in Canada and in the US and
never even got pushed to radio not not
even one song but um like this guy Chad
Blake who didn't I work with all the
time who's mixed our last four records
he mixed this record this guy's like a
genius an audio wizard yeah he's a
wizard ha he lives in Wales in a little
house on his his wife works with horses
he's got a little side room just tiny
little room just like half the size of
this and he mixes huge records so his
guys he's a badass
this whole records budget was like 60
grand including them living off of it
and shit I took the entire budget and
let the fur and it was spent on a little
cheap studio of some friend of a friend
of mine who's gonna engineer it them to
live and the rest of it went to Chad to
mix it so I get that I get that mixes
back in this A&R guys listening to the
mixes and it's like I think I think that
high hats too loud on this song I'm not
joking and I'm I'm on tour
how much heard and I'm like I called
danger buy something what do I do he's
like you know what to do Isaac send him
the same mix and label it makes for and
tell them it's been lowered to see
that's right but then he's like you also
need to remember you've you are fucked
now they will never service this song
because that's the cop-out I say
bullshit just watch and it is exactly
what happened Mike and I thought of it
like a year later and so I did you're
fucking genius he's like well I've been
through this shit
yeah because check it out if you're an
A&R guy right you're getting like
probably six figures you report to a
senior A&R who reports to a vice
president who reports to the president
and that if you stick your neck out and
you say I want to take a million dollars
from the fucking machine and I want to I
want I bet bet at all in this band or
even a quarter million dollars the odds
of any band making it I like probably
one in a hundred I'm gonna talk about
even breaking even so if you're only an
idiot would ever really get behind a
band that is unproven mm-hmm so you your
whole job is to deflect blame here I
mean so like that's why that's what the
problem is you know like if I was gonna
sign a band and someone offer me they
said I had a million dollar budget to
sign a new band like I also wouldn't
give them all the money because there's
no way I'd make it back you know I mean
yeah but yeah that's the music industry
you just fucked up and I need you know
you spend years and years and years and
if you're lucky like wait dan and I have
lucked out and then you look back and
it's like I don't even know how how it
happened there's all these other factors
that come into it you know
and you try to help a band one thing
that worked for us would never work for
another band so there's no there's no
formula to it and it's it's really
random as I saw it's trying to it's
similar to this shit as like this chick
I know was talk I was talking about
ancestry.com and how she doesn't care
about her ancestors house like you don't
hear my ancestors that's interesting
because like think about the odds a few
existing it's like you go back just like
20 generations then that means that you
have like over a million grandparents I
think it's like 2 million grandparents
in just 20 generations they think about
all the fucking sperm and eggs and the
odds of those each one fucking me
happening it took 2 million a million
two million people fucking and that
happened over and over again to get to
your ass you don't give a fuck about any
of it I think that's just fucking
ignorant obviously like and if you like
and if you want to buy into the Elon
Musk's simulation remember this that
means there's some other fucker sitting
at the simulation who made that
motherfucker
so it's like you don't
the simulation hadn't been made by some
motherfucker like there's always
something deeper that thing about the
thing about any thing is it son explicit
it's unexplainable the fact that Dan and
I grew up next to each other the fact
that we were at close in age the fact
that we have able to put up with each
other's shit and find each other amusing
you know after 30 years of knowing each
other it's all fucking insane well you
guys obviously have a very good balance
well if you've been up and down you know
but we you know that has to do with a
lot of factors like we said you know not
over touring is pretty much the big one
right that wrecks people yeah yeah that
can pretty much take all the art out of
you suck all the life out of you fuck up
all your relationships yeah you just
don't want to be out there anymore
no it's our homes our you through the
whole thing you don't really buy into
the simulation do you me fuck no no but
I don't buy like what the same person
was saying to me that there are atheists
and they that's fine you're allowed to
believe that but you you also have to
accept that there's possibly that's not
true yes and like that's what I believe
and but then they went on to say that
they believe in demons and I was like I
don't know you got it I think my you
know that my rationale about all this
stuff is that it's it's simple I was
talking about to my stepdaughter who's
so smart so sweet and really changed my
life in a lot of ways and we were
swimming in the pool talking about life
you know and it's one of these
conversations it's like she's like what
do you think that there's a God as she
asked me and I said well we don't go to
church or anything and I said I said I
don't know but I think this is something
interesting to think about I was like
whenever I think about that I try to
think about the end of the universe at
the very end like the edge and I can't
picture it as I can I can't picture as I
guess I can't and I can't picture like
infinity you know I can't grasp that at
all and I said the mere fact that we
can't grasp infinity will lead someone
like maybe Elon to believe that we're
purposely that was left off in some sort
of simulation or whatever but maybe
that's would be the argument I think
that that the fact that I can't picture
maybe I'm just an idiot but it makes it
that I think that there's maybe
something more
there's definitely something more to it
that possibilities way open but I do
think what do you think I had this
conversation with a guy who's actually
an expert on it it's got Nick Bostrom he
was trying to explain to me that because
of probability it's more likely or very
likely that we're in a simulation
because of the probability of someone
eventually creating it and that it's
very possible that we're in it right now
and more probable than not but then what
does that I mean there I don't know that
simulation has to be a simulation that
why would it's why a simulation of what
from what well here's something I know
for sure okay this is what I know for
sure this is by by my own experiences
that we are the only people on this
planet that have ever gotten to 2019
this is where we are we know there's a
history behind us mmm we know that this
is the peak we're at 2000 in at a freaky
time a man we're at the tooth we're at
2019 right now if we are we know we
exist we know we have culture we know we
have incredible technology we don't have
any idea for the only ones it's likely
that there's other life-forms out there
it's likely there's other intelligent
life out there but there might not be it
might be that this is a crazy situation
that happens incredibly rarely where you
have a planet that's this close to the
Sun where these life-forms figure out
how to fuck with matter in an incredible
way and they start flying and sending
things through the air that videos that
instantly get to your phone this might
not ever happen this might only happen
here it might happen here and in
versions of here which if you believe in
infinity you have to believe there's
infinite versions of this so there's
infinite versions of life so it's almost
built-in mathematically that there's so
infinity is so big there's
so many possibilities that everything
that you've ever recorded has also been
recorded by you in another place with
infinite variations of each individual
song infinite variations of each album
that there's infinite versions and that
infinite versions of each version and so
that's insane the whole thing's
impossible for our little ant brains to
wrap around it that's possible - it's
not it's you know it's unlikely it's a
simulation I mean it's possible it's a
simulation but it's also possible that
this is as far as anything's ever gotten
because we're wheels as far as we've
ever got Pat and I are starting an
intergalactic publishing company yeah
we've signed futures the future right
Zoology signed you to some universe
contract for like a billion years isn't
that like part of the deal I think with
your figure on the sea or it gets like a
billion years service yeah I think it's
a billion years and think it's for the
whole universe you can't even work
another planets I think you know it's
interesting to think about when I'm
going to talk about something that you
don't know the answer to like the
simulation or the shore I'm your
dimensions and stuff I I think it's all
fascinating it's all possible man mmm
but I do think when it comes down to it
like a part of the thing that causes
anxiety is it is it's it's part of it
it's like accepting that something is
real you know yeah like there's some
times when you're having a panic attack
or something like it's just even fucking
happening this is even fucking real and
and I think and I think being in the
moment as much as possible
if when I really truly feel like I'm
living in the present I really feel like
you can really feel how special life is
yes and how if I was a billionaire and I
married the same trick twice I would
think I was living in a fucking
simulation - that's what I think about
you I was like this really fucking smart
but he's a billionaire and he married
the same chick twice dude you can marry
anybody you wanted they gave it a chance
I don't know they gave it one more
chance - he might be living in a
simulation well he might be interfacing
with a different dimension than us now
he might be I think about all the
different sheets I
you know my my stepdaughter went to his
school for a while uh-oh ad astra it was
a really amazing experience for her I
believe yeah whatever school's raised
that dude where what is that Astra what
is that it's a school he has forgets his
own school for her some of his children
for some of the employees of of his
companies really Wow he got his own
school oh holy shit I just don't
understand how that's all possible how
can you dig tunnels under la make
batteries make solar power electric cars
make rockets shoot them in the space
plan to colonize Mars yeah and then
marry the same chick twice that's why I
did it
he didn't have any time to find a new
check I think it might as much what
might prove that he's a genius just that
maybe give it a shot
he gave it a shot what if he married her
twice and worked out amazing like the
second it's worked out really amazing
than like a thousand different
dimensions both marriages he did it
because he needed it to work out in the
home create random possibility yeah for
no reason just create random
possibilities in every direction every
decision you make the universe expands
is infinite different directions and
infinite different versions of you that
sounds terrifying but so does falling
asleep you know falling asleep is weird
we're all agreeing every night I'm
looking forward to literally not
existing I stopped being there for eight
hours I don't I don't see anything I
have no idea what's going on around me I
think about that all the time
so weirdest fucking thing people do man
we all are afraid to die but no one's
afraid to sleep everybody's looking for
sleep I always I always have a couple
reoccurring dreams and I haven't that I
had one last night that was fucking
insane a reoccurring one no it was it
was it was based on something that sort
of Israel I had this dream where every
it was reoccurring where I'm in a house
that I'm vaguely familiar with but
there's all these additions that I
discover and they're always on drop
they're usually either really rickety
and dangerous or like really beautiful
and completely need to be fixed up
covered like scooby-doo house type thing
last night I had this dream where I was
in a house I used to own with my wife
and uh like there was a home invasion
and I had something that they needed and
they basically told me that if I I had
it hidden and I said if I they're gonna
come back if I didn't give it to him
they were gonna kill me and um I was I
was like trying to figure out how to
keep this thing hidden and I'd still I
woke up from it like what the fuck
of course I had the PD like I didn't
right now babe man oh my god
no worries we're gonna talk about you
when you're gone but all good things
he's gone dude he gets worked up I would
have had no idea really no I didn't it
would have never thought he gets that
worked up oh yeah he just swings he sits
on the bus and there's like 9 10 11 12
hours between each gig and he just dude
he's just do he sounds like a comic yeah
he really does like he's been my you
know our personal comic for 20 years
seriously I mean he's funny as hell you
should definitely do a podcast that
would be a huge podcast him just talking
shit about things him just analyzing
what's wrong with the world I've told
him that the corn people are coming
though you know that right
they're coming for him that to them 20
years of insults on cornfield I worked
at the same record shop that he did yeah
Quonset hut records I was there when
when corn came at midnight sale people
were lining up at midnight around the
block
kids don't understand that there was
something interesting about going to a
record store and seeing records that you
had no idea what they were you'd pick up
the album and you'd look at it you'd
look at the artwork and like what is
this and you flip it over to the back
and sometimes you got roped in you know
sometimes you get roped in just by a
cool album cover it was a beautiful time
beautiful beautiful medium do you
remember when there were certain stores
it would have those little stations and
you have a button and you had headphones
and you could like put the headphones on
and listen to an album for a couple
seconds feel like I spent my whole life
doing that yeah I mean Pat and I went
from city to city when all the record
shops did they listen they'll let you
listen to the whole
album there yeah you could just stand
listen it wasn't just like snips of it
was the whole listen the whole thing
yeah the good record shops were all like
that and they always had with great
recommendations I mean yeah yeah I don't
know it's it's troubling you know like
Pat says I mean he's he's thought about
it quite a bit
well it is in it it's also interesting
for new young artists that don't have
any distribution they just get viral
from SoundCloud or from Twitter that
yeah we're funny we are just finding out
those metrics they just don't quite
matter they don't quite matter in what
way they don't sell tickets you know
then you know what about guys like I
mean it's not your genre but didn't
isn't that what chance the rapper did or
title the creator which one is it chance
the rapper didn't he do it all from the
internet sure and he's really huge right
yes he's known as an independent artist
but he did it yes it's tired of the
Creator is a totally different thing
okay I'm sorry guys it's Tyler Tyler and
I are in touch every once in a while
whenever there's a in between first and
last name I get you know Tyler the
Creator yeah chance the rapper Patrick
the drummer
those are like poolhall nicknames yeah
Rey the fireman yeah you know I don't
know much about I mean yeah I think the
chance is a good example of like
breaking into the industry different and
a different thing do you think the way
but I I also think that like there's
it's just it's just interesting to see
how all the stuff shakes out ten years
from now who's gonna be around one what
does what matters you know I mean back
to my wife Michelle Branch she she got
she she sold a millions of Records and
she's an insanely talented individual
and saying the amazing person in the her
but her audience was wrote commercial
radio you know top 40 and the thing
about top 40 is it's like it's the same
type of person that goes to watch
whatever's popular on television or
keeping up with the kardashians like
someone who watches Keeping Up with the
Kardashians is probably not familiar
with Gilligan's Island you know I mean
and five years from now and there's
something different than keeping up with
all probably
not that show price still of your own
but you don't I'm saying they just it's
like it's a it's whatever's freshest and
newest and so you end up if you if you
end up developing a pop this is why
we're talking knocking I want to get put
it on the radios because it's a
different type of fan it's a less
personal type of fan when you get play
it on top 40 mm-hmm it's like you know
when you go through when I'll go through
like certain friends of Mines parents
records they'd have like all these
records oh yeah I used to listen to that
used to listen to that used to listen
that and I go through dance dad's
records or my dad's records my dad would
be still listening to that shit when is
that these people were buying like Billy
ocean records yeah my dad was buying
like cream records and he was a fan of
music and this person was a passive pop
fan hmm you know and I think that what
you're experiencing is when you try to
compare pop maybe some of this pop stuff
has some sort of credibility because
it's independent or whatever but um
I think they're very it's a very weird
thing trying to figure it out like I
think in a festival nowadays is probably
fucking really crazy that's why the
Woodstock thing was fucking they didn't
know what to do they booked the back
when we were told about the festivals
like we were gonna headline Saturday
night when the Hawaiian up came out it
was like chance the rapper us and I
forget who lost was on it but there were
a couple people there like three
headliners and like that's that's insane
like what are you thinking you're gonna
sell 150,000 tickets it's 700 dollars a
pop fuckin idiot just do a festival for
30,000 people do two Festival two
weekends do a Pop Festival do a rap
festival do rock do whatever it is but
don't get you hit you're out there
obligation per night was like 10 million
and guarantees or something so they
fucking dumbass it's like you're like I
wonder why the fuck that was it with
that guy he fucked up the first
Woodstock and it's 50 years later he
hasn't fucking figured it out yet that
50 years will you get it in 50 years
dude Mike you'll get it 50 years now
you'll figure it out buddy
you know it's like that idea this
repeating shit that doesn't make sense
is like we've all done it but like even
Eiland done it do you think that the
music business is the way it is because
it started out a different thing do the
it was a different thing it was how they
made the records it was the actual
records they would put them in the
stores but all that shit's gone now so
it's just mostly downloads the music
business is the way it's set up the way
it is because there are independent
people who have made very successful
careers without having to engage the
Machine right but traditionally if you
wanted to sell out Madison Square Garden
traditionally there are people like fish
or whoever who have done it based on the
backs of whatever things that they've
done but traditionally if you want to
make a record and you want to get
Sebastian Square Garden you need
promotion you need radio you need
exposure you need publicity you need now
almost all of that stuff you can get for
free if you have like enough bullshit up
your sleeve on social media you can get
enough 13 year old streaming your shit
you get to fucking MSG without a label
without a publicist without any of that
shit the you know a band like us in a
situation that we're in now like you
know we we can were in a position to be
able to look at the music industry music
this is this is just crazy that we're
paying this person this much money to do
what they're doing this is fucking
insane
and like you we can really talk have
open conversations with like people like
we're not giving you Warner Brothers $5
of record to bundle this shit because
what we're paying you to be on your
record label so that we get a fucking
number on sound skin that ultimately
you'll brag about like fuck all this
fuck it
but no but you can't do that that's a
way that this power strong is still set
up is that if you're on a label you you
both bands sign these record deals they
got to give that fucking money back to
the label it's a 360 deal they got
fucking not only that but they get
access to your ticket sales like
straight up like profit that's weird
well it's always that was always where
the musicians made money entirely
there's up until streaming right I mean
that did people cut record labels in on
any ticket sales before that no in fact
it used to be set up where a tour was a
loss leader for to sell a record yeah
that's why you'd see bands like
I don't know fucking huge bands in the
70s bad company or whoever they would
they would sell fucking huge ass fucking
stadiums for like three dollars ticket
maybe have a bunch of support sell a
couple million records find out the
manager stole the fucking money you know
write a memoir about it that's it it's
like the it's like a little bit time you
know yeah it's like I come from like a
indie rock background and it's always it
was a sort of like and and us too and
it's like you know when we're coming up
with bait even kind of having any
knowledge of the business it was like it
was considered uncool do you don't you
think so a little bit it's considered on
school to know finances and they had to
kind of really know like like what you
know now what you just described the way
you yeah but we've always been
fascinated by it so I've always paid
attention to it but it's funny now where
I'm just like realizing you know like
what this whole take we took a break for
off the road for four years and when we
came back three years after a break to
make a record it was like we again we we
had gleaned a lot of perspective you
know and our conversations when we first
charted making this record aside from
like watching the news and talking about
that and left making each other laugh at
shit but it was like this band is
something very really fucking special
you know I mean the fact that we're
sitting in this room you know eighteen
years after after starting this band and
it fucking working out and we're here we
need to make sure that this band is
always something that's fun and not a
burden and not stressful as little
should it be stressful
it should be fun it's rock and roll yeah
and I think that we've been spending the
last year figuring out how to make every
decision so that that way you know so
like first this show we write do you
want to do this TV show this TV show
they know we want to do we have one out
we both watch the Joe Rogan listen to
Joe Rogan I happen to watch it but we
want to do Joe's podcast you know I mean
that's what we want to do that's what's
important to us we don't want to play
Woodstock it's not important to us does
speak to us these are the things we want
to do and taking that type of position
with the band and also looking at the
business side of it like this is fucking
bullshit this is ridiculous
you know what what what what what this
band should be giving us is the ability
to help other bands which is what we do
all day long when we're not touring I
mean in the last five years
dance produced probably like 15 albums
for other artists I've done a handful of
myself he has a label puts out other
people's music there's a lot of fucking
work everyone we're not true and we're
still working on other music and the
craziest thing is this we stole millions
of records we've made between the two of
us something like 60 plus albums when I
haven't finished a record I'm really
proud of and I sent it to Warner
Brothers the last time I did that they
didn't even fucking respond to the email
when that when that shit happens to you
you know what you want to do tell them
to fuck themselves
you know what I mean and right now we're
in a situation where our record
contracts done you know and I saw what
happened to my uncle Ralph do you need a
contract no fuck no it doesn't seem like
you do what we need is what we need we
need people to work with people who
understand that the Black Keys is is
very important to us but it's also a
vehicle that we can leverage to help our
other artists when we're producing shit
and it's so fucking infuriating to have
been in this business for 20 years and
honestly understand the business better
than most fucking managers and be
treated like dogshit by this person that
you've made millions of dollars for do
you know I mean well it doesn't make any
sense that you need anything like that
all you guys need to do is have studio
fees or if you have your own studio
produce the music and then once people
know your shit is out nobody it's
different because check it's different
we don't need shit but if you take a new
artist from Nashville you say and you
make a record for them okay okay they
need a agent they need they need they
need they need to go on tour right
they need to do all the stuff that we
did but we we were like malnourished
fuck freaks we were we were we were
losing money the whole time we were able
to lose money
I rent was 145 dollars where we started
and we practice in my basement and then
lived in his parents house we didn't
have we could we could make like $200 a
month and be in the rest or in the black
Wow no one else is like that's not
realistic no you know so if you really
want to well here's what's really want
to start but if you want to help why
isn't it realistic
I mean it's realistic what why is it
more realistic to go get in $60,000
worth of debt and not be able to get
more fucking time
well I'm just saying that most bands
aren't two pieces most bands aren't like
right we're human cockroaches like when
we first started dancing then dams like
I need wonton soup every day that's what
I need three dollars and fifty cents I
don't want on sue I need a pack of
cigarettes Wow but you have to do them
so you do need some finance listen you
you you have to answer right in front of
you you're a great talker if you just
developed a podcast where you played new
music and then talk shit the way you do
now it would be gigantic
maybe you just go on the road just do
Pat and Dan you could call it Pat and
Dan on the road and you guys just do it
from your tour bus or wherever you just
let him wind him up let him talk shit
about things and then play music like
music that you really enjoy if someone
like Spotify wouldn't jump on something
like that they'd be crazy it's a great
idea and you could use it as a platform
to help artists avoid the system
entirely I'm thinking that might work
but also it would work if we just tweet
at Mark Zuckerberg that we need one
hundred and forty five million dollars
he'd probably do it probably just a good
deal if someone wanted to do something
like that it's a great idea because you
can use it to launch like like I've done
with comics on this podcast you find
people that are funny let everybody know
it's not hard get it get a group of
people that are really interesting keep
the conversations go and keep more cool
people coming in and then you can use
that to help other cool people and let
everybody know you could do it through
your social media you do it through a
podcast and of course you you guys are
still gonna do the same stuff you're
already doing with producing people and
helping them out but you definitely
could have your own distribution network
but be ethical free ethical quandary is
free like you don't have to think about
it you just give it to him for free you
just do it as a podcast to broadcast him
hey check out this fucking band I love
it I love this song play it down that
would help a lot with a exposure to new
music yeah but I mean I think I guess
what I'm saying is they're gonna need an
agent to bookshop well yeah but I'm
saying but what I do think is what I'm
saying well the music industry what is
actually what something that I think
that I think we're trying to figure out
now is basically how to actually really
work again truly independently you know
I mean where is something that we can
figure out a way to actually do the
things we're passionate about which is a
lot of it is making records and trend
and helping and even to make a record
impress it is you know it's like it's at
least ten ten thousand dollars you know
I mean mm-hmm
so I guess what I was trying to say was
like you despair someone will look at
your work and respected enough to kind
of step in and help out because it's not
like you're asking for a fucking
millions of dollars a year to finance
some shit you're asking for like a
couple hundred grand but that's the
problem with the music industry is that
so is that certain labels are willing to
give like a SoundCloud rap or like 15
million dollars you know but then they
look at a band and they can't quantify
their metrics like maybe the Black Keys
or whoever and they they don't give a
shit they'll help me out with this I
don't understand it what do they provide
but at this point to us physical
distribution which is something the
physical distribution of like a Vaughn
LP that's crazy though how much is that
yeah but I mean a lot of people buy them
no no no no I mean for us really it
isn't it isn't tons there's some
marketing there's some stuff like that
but honestly I mean we we get more from
like Live Nation probably mm-hmm so they
what does a record company do then like
if you're a young artist they get you
this Gary they scare you and
handing over the shit that they need and
then they sign you to a long-term
contract is that how it works and then
they pray you have a hit they pray you
have a hit and if you do and you want to
leave then you're fucked
and then if you don't it say that if
they don't think so and I think that you
want to leave and you got two records
left they shelve that record and take
over that oh yeah that's what they do it
just doesn't seem did we have this guy I
guess he does check this out we had the
stood who was president of a label at
one point it got back to me he was
taking credit for our success he wasn't
even around when we broke yeah I mean
and the credit he was taking was the
most genius fucking credit this is how
this is how smart these fucking people
are he's like he said yeah man you know
I don't think I really I really take a
lot of pride in that band and really
helped them a lot by just staying out of
the way
whoo he didn't even write a check for
tour support or no promotion he's taking
credit because he was smart enough not
to fuck it up
yeah I mean it's like I take personal
credit like a Bojangles chicken for them
being successful or or the new the new
the new popeyes chicken sandwich I take
a long you prostate I take a lot of
credit though net chicken sandwich man
because I didn't buy one I didn't fuck
it up I didn't like put the wrong post
up but that's a way better attitude at
least a working attitude than the guy
from Pepperdine who wants to fuck with
the high hat wouldn't you prefer that
guy who just gets the fuck out of the
way I would say those are the two
options didn't ya yeah all day I mean is
he taking credit for it or is he just
he's kind of bragging that he works with
you taking credit but I think a little
bit of credit will go to credit a little
annoying to you dude there's a lot of
credit that gets taken for a lot of shit
didn't it seems like a fucking
frustrating and infuriating business and
I glad I'm glad enough to participate as
comics there's no business wait we've
like we're like in the fucking top point
zero zero one percent of this shit and
still fucking annoying every single
fucking day it's just like it's that the
trick to the music industry is to is to
it's because if you really love music
like the way that Dan and idea where it
is the still the thing that were most
passionate about you mean like I love
music I only think about music listen to
it all day
but yet you have to find that fine line
where like you don't win like you make a
record you're really proud of and no one
fucking hears it and no one that works
with you even responds to an email about
it you have to find that space where you
don't want to kill everybody you know I
mean and you still want to go make
another record and that do you need to
be connected to someone like this though
does this is this a valuable thing in
your world what to have this record
company no no I mean not right so you
can't let all this go right and don't do
it anymore though the trick is to find
to find out how to still learn learning
that's the industry changes is to learn
how to pivot and make it make it have it
make sense so the real problem is young
talent that's just getting started that
gets signed when they don't really know
their worth yet and they don't know how
probably the problem is is that no one
is investing in fucking real bands
they're investing in like a songwriter
they're invested in an artist that was a
puppet that like they can go and like
say this person's gonna listen to this
right do this shit like a pop machine do
you think that you could do it ethically
that you could do it your way
look I said you have the time for
something like that if I was to run a
record label
the main difference would be that I
would look at it as I let's try to
fucking break even let's realize that
some of the most important records here
have never sold a million copies like
The Ramones never sold a million copies
of any of the records there may be the
most influential punk band so what is
this redefine what success is success is
getting behind art that we really are
proud of and not and not getting
trampled and not getting the support
that it needs this all seems doable yeah
but then what you're describing with you
seems dual but then think about this
this is the problem this is the crux is
and you think about the Ramones and you
realize this is a bandits word in a van
for 20 fucking years do you want to
subject a band to that no you want to be
able to elevate that band to the point
where they're actually doing that
comfortably yeah I mean and that's the
hard part
you mean can you though I think they'd
be the same band not always right I
think that you could yes it's possible
depend upon the individual dude that's
what Metallica has these therapists
they're trying to figure out
not a fucking figure I don't you think
that part of what you guys are is your
background when you were paying 125
bucks a month for rent and you were you
know you were living with your parents
so this is part of why you guys were so
good because you fucking really wanted
it you needed it you had to get to a
better place we had no other options yes
but I think there's what we got that
flavors the music I think that's what we
do when we try to work with people we
see that same quality and other people
mmm so people have already been down
that road artists that are working with
now people like Yola and people like Dee
white do this as it changes all these
people they're just ornery and they want
it this is begging for an organization
like your your passion for them
important we're already sort of doing it
where I should have a radio station or a
podcast that just talks about these new
albums and what's going on and what
you're doing and I'm sure people would
fucking love it and just play music play
the music that you guys are producing
play music that you enjoy that you find
out about I mean it seems like there's a
real easy fix for this angst I don't
think there is because it's been going
on for a little tease but for you
there's a fix at least there's a better
path for some of the HP Pink's is
important because it is uh it's valid
I'm also not Bert also by the way not
that angsty but what I do talk about the
business I get a little angsty but I I
have a pretty chill individual to be
honest most of the time but when I look
how many business is so much easier well
you know I mean we get to use it in our
music yeah yeah I'm sure the drive is
like the thing it's like you know right
when I found this photograph that I just
hung up in my road case up dan and I
playing one of our first shows I'm like
oh this is important I should be I
should make sure I have this hung up
because it just reminds me of all the
fucking days that we spent like being
fucking miserable in a van because we
love music so much we go play a show for
fucking nobody and maybe make enough
money to get like a motel 6 room share a
bed get up the next day and go to Waffle
House I keep fucking doing it for years
and years and years and you
but it does take that type of motivation
and itself it's frustrating when you do
that and then you get to a point where
it is the point that we're at and you
feel like you've gotten really good at
what you do and you help another artist
and it's you realize that like after all
that work it's like the myth of Sisyphus
it's like Oh after all that work it
doesn't move the fucking clock at all
still these same motherfuckers are
fucking are fucking helping you know and
then you start realizing like what
really has made a difference I mean I've
heard I've heard people say take credit
for our success be say that it was
because we played the Spike Spike TV
Video Game Awards what about eight that
is watched that's what I thought I
thought that made you you know but did
that's the kind of thing that you're up
against it's like yeah and that's that's
the fear of the music industry that's
the fear of worse like and we we we said
yes to everything because we had all we
were a band for like eight years then
finally we started breaking and it was a
it was like for the first time here's
the offer for SNL here's the offer to
have Leung Coachella here's the offer we
had to say yes to everything even a
Spike TV Video Game Awards and even
especially when like someone's like you
really should do it you really need to
do it in fact if you don't do it like
when we're standing there with with Hulk
Hogan mm-hmm it was working it's worth
it for that right but the point is is
that what actually moves the needle what
actually moves the news like there's a
is it plain Colbert is it playing these
things I don't fucking know man because
I I watched baseball and then I put on
your podcast and then I go to bed that's
what I'll do it in the evening so I
don't know who watches that shit but I
know that I know my stepdaughter doesn't
watch that shit I know she doesn't even
out of work the fucking TV remote she
watches YouTube all day you know I mean
the times are fucking changing you know
and I think that it's that's the hard
part trying to pivot with it and I think
if if you're it's like guys our age who
are running these labels looking at
these few counts in the shit and they're
all fucking getting it wrong well
they're getting it wrong because their
businesses money their business is not
music they're in the music business to
make money you guys are in it to make
music that's why I'm saying dude you
do it you got to start your own thing
it's it's a fucking no-brainer it's so
easy for you to do you are you're
obviously a great talker you're
obviously very opinionated and you have
a great love for music well we're gonna
restart the BMG music great they'll be
called the DP TB TB k like t became the
music club but it's awareness what we're
gonna do is you send us $0.38 will send
you 50 albums and your parents will then
write us a letter saying that you
entered a contract as a minor and let's
avoid it how do you guys write songs do
you write them and you come to each
other independently do you do you
collaborate like only in studio do you
write them in studio we've for the most
part always just made them up just
improvise them like in the move in the
moment mmm and then said you liked it
let's try to put this down again just
sort of gravitate towards what we like
and then just start building on it and
all the stuff that doesn't work just
push it away
and just keep going forward do you have
disagreements on what works or doesn't
work when you're really no not usually
it's always been like that ever since we
were 16 and 17 wow yeah I've never
really I don't think the older I get the
more I realize how special that is you
know I always took it for granted I mean
I remember when we were trying to
audition bass players we had this one
guy try to come and play with us and I
just remember it just fucked everything
up it's like we couldn't even play it
didn't even sound like us mm-hmm
why it just didn't work and then wasn't
when this other person left all of a
sudden it sounded like a big band again
huh
it was weird I mean we learned to play
together I I never even played never I
mean I never played drums with anybody
aside from it dan and me even playing
drums in the band it's like because it
was a kind of an accident
I only had a drum set because I wanted
to be a guitar player and I wanted
people to come to my house and play the
drums with before I had a driver's
license I got a job washing dishes and
bought this truck I bought everything
you need for a band and like my friends
would come over and they were all pretty
much better at guitar than me but Dan
came over and he was like the best
guitar player of all my friends and I
was like fuck what do I do with bass or
drums I was like well you can't just jam
guitar bass I sat down at the drums and
that's what we did in high school so we
learned to play together man so because
of that there's like there is like a
psychic kind of connection mm-hmm you
know I mean we play now on stage with a
couple other guys and it's it's it's
good it's easy it's fun but there is
something when the two of us start
playing where it is we can like work in
between beats you know it's pretty
liquid our goal has never been like to
be this tight kind of rigid like don't
know I mean like tightness isn't
something it's more about like the
energy the feeling it's hard to describe
but it's like yeah we never worried
about if we got it perfect we always it
was always does that this is the one
that feels best hmm always what motor
sport do you write the lyrics down do
you write the music down once I made it
I'll write lyrics sometimes I'll
improvise words a lot of the new record
was a lot of like improvising syllables
and words really yeah yeah yeah there's
just no rules absolutely no rules but a
lot of times I'll be trying to UM be
singing a melody while I'm doing chord
changes but I can see Pat you know
that's the thing that we've always done
we've always been able to see each other
when we play and record so you know and
go with his movements and follow him
that way
so you guys just know each other so well
you well you know we hadn't we hadn't
been in the studio there for five and a
half years and we didn't do any
pre-production or anything and the very
first idea that we had made the record
yeah Wow I mean it's just that's a crazy
man crazy connection yeah man that's so
unusual it really is the older I get the
more I realized that well you guys have
been together for so long and this the
thing with bands is like this is my
first band it's at first I was never in
another like the black he was like the
first real band knows it
first real ban I've been in it's so
great so I didn't know any different I
thought all I danced felt like this so
you know what I mean that's the saddest
thing when you see bands in the lead
guitar players mad singer and you know
it's like Oh guys come on really
yeah it's always over some dumb shit
it's usually like someone's wife is yep
fucking mean yeah wasn't that what the
date the David Lee Roth hey we've been
through then shit man we've been through
it and move it's like it's hard it's
hard you know I mean like oh yeah if if
I could go back in time and give like
our 22-year old selves one piece of
advice it would be like don't probably
don't tour with your girlfriends until
you like have a kid and they come out
for a couple shows this avoid that shit
and also probably like don't don't
really have a girlfriend till you're
like in your late 20s probably mmm
what's the problem with touring with the
girlfriend dude it's just a codependent
motherfucker like me that it was just
really hard I had to get through I've
grown up a lot you know I mean but yeah
it's just hard that's like the hard part
is that I'm up for the work and Dan's up
for the work and when we're on tour like
that was going through I go through
periods of time where I get phone calls
to be like what the fuck are you doing
motherfucker you know no like I miss you
like that guilt or it's just like I'm
like literally in the back of a for to
convey like with like a torn-up copy of
TV Guide reading it for the fifth time
because we don't make money no cell
phone or like with a Nokia phone like I
get in the guilt trip and stuff it's
like too real to even talk about our
first two are a number Dan having to
stop with the payphone Wow they have you
at the pay phone in our like big I
remember didn't like my brother Mike was
with us I think a man like sucks to be
Dan and then like literally like an hour
later I really I have to get to pay for
myself know NASA's been but you have to
go through that you have to learn to
appreciate a good relationship you got
to go through those where the fuck are
you really
I mean that's the thing is like it's
well I guess what does it kill you makes
you stronger although I read somewhere
that's not actually true so I'm shaky
fuck's your body up in something here
just takes two years off your life maybe
it didn't kill you yeah took a decade
off your longevity you know that's why
that's why we're able to get to the spot
where here we are 2019 and we're I don't
think we're insane people we're pretty
close to the same people we were when we
were in our twenties still wearing some
insane t-shirts
I'm not because there's way too small
for me but yeah you know I think that
there's there's a time like maybe 2012
our shit was really blowing up I mean we
could do no wrong and uh there was a
there's there's there's the alternate
universe for sure what we sure did to
complete dickhead
[Laughter]
we died multiple times at the Chateau
it's like yeah and this it is in this
version of reality dan and Patrick don't
play the Spike TV video game words they
overdose at the Chateau Marmont yeah
yeah do you mean you have to appreciate
though that you guys have gone through
quite the gauntlet it's pretty amazing I
think that the best thing that ever
happened to us is that we did an
experience 6 success to our 6th album
and when and what it is because if we
would have got that we're 23 we would
have never been able to sit down and
realize what what fuck was going on yeah
yeah everything everything about us has
been just for ridiculous synchronistic
yeah but it's also that kind of luck and
timing and rightfully that's where the
simulation comes in bro that's just
where the that's I think that's just
we're like the uniqueness and the crazy
thing that's the crazy thing about life
is that it is certain things are rare it
shouldn't be that crazy that erases it
like Danone eyes is so rare but it is
right there aren't that many of them
right but I mean there are a lot of like
friends who start off playing music but
they end up most of those stories ends
like in either just
failure giving up hating each other hmm
or some shit version of that you know so
that but yeah simulation I mean the
simulation there has to be a simulator
to play the simulation on and that's the
problem it could just be were confused
about what reality is in general it
might be the reason why we think of the
simulation is because it exists in so
many different planes and it's probably
always shifting all around us all the
time and some of the way you think does
have some effect on the world itself
well I used to wake up in the morning
and like drink a cup of coffee smoke a
cigarette play a video game jam on my
drums drive around hang out my friends
now I I wake up and I do so much shit
and none of it isn't necessarily stuff I
want to be doing that I do think that
there's no way we're in a simulation
because I would never fuck you know
simulated that you don't get to choose
well you go through why am I then my
mouse over Twitter if you if you just
decided that it was a simulation you
said well I don't like this discourse I
want to shift some things about it it
would probably be easier to do if you
knew it was a simulation than it would
be to shift them in your own life
imagine there's doing too many things
I'm just gonna take these I'm gonna
phase these out and piss these people
off ya know I that's why I think we're
not living this simulation because every
time I do make a decision to change
something it gets better
mmm so you're learning and growing in
real time
yeah real time I mean it it might be a
lot of them telling you it's the biggest
argument against the simulation I'm
telling you is that Elon Musk married
the same Woman twice yes straight up it
said that you want a physicist to say
that my dude has this jury my senator
Sean Carroll yeah set it to him see what
you could do it tell to crack the
numbers on that shit yeah there's seven
there's 3.5 billion women on earth and
this guy married the same person twice
the state circle think about that dude
she's baby a probably a wonderful woman
dude yeah yeah I'm not saying I'm just
saying that maybe I missed her
you know yeah it is kind of crazy but
hey I don't know like some hazing that's
like when you look at like I mean I've
been married three times like a dickhead
but it's like if you go cause if you
look at my Wikipedia it's like I always
joke like I had to get to wife number
three just so I could like have that
like kind of in steel fucking Wikipedia
but it is like guys like that Ben
Stiller you look like oh he's married to
the same woman from 8485 back 88 to 89
back again yeah like who does that nice
to drink Larry King does that shit yeah
Larry King he just got divorced again at
85 I saw him left yeah we saw him last
night
is he partying a bunch of checks he was
actually drinking champagnes the dad no
it's very here might look very old okay
yeah he doesn't look that healthy like
this is postures not that no not that
robust tits that way yeah that's that
thing where you get to that age and you
just have to like they get forced to
just drink slimfast all the fucking day
it's a bummer to think that someone's
getting divorced at 85 but then part of
me goes well is it a more of a bummer to
be in a terrible relationship when
you're 85 it's probably a better relief
like if you're if you're fucking
throwing in the towel at 85 you're done
I mean you're like really I'm so tired
and I can't do there's just done at 85
to throw that shit we all the work it
takes just one woody there are 85 that
goes to the ocean and just Chuck's his
cell phone and fuck you
flash whole new phone new carrier fuck
you go stir what if he marries her again
next year I could say that was no prenup
be they could see how he he might marry
a previous wife it's if she was gonna
take care of him in his last couple
years and they were close still yeah
that would make sense
Richard Pryor had that going on towards
the end of his life he was being taken
care of by one of his previous wives
yeah I can see that that's sweet that's
kind of like pretty sure that's like an
Oprah bestseller it was definitely one
of his wives I might have fucked that
story up definitely one was why I just
didn't believe it the way you told it
that
it that way in some in some simulation
it is that way yeah
that's a beautiful way of getting away
with some sort of facts like what if
troll 1 was part of troll 2 I've been
like oh shit different dimension
right well troll 2 is like the almost
evidence of something wrong like like
the the simulation has been like there's
a problem in the record that's been put
out of a terrible movie forgot they
didn't put out the prequel do you know
do you know who our Harmony Korine um he
wrote the movie kids and spring breakers
he drove while he's friends of ours and
he was telling me this thing
that blew my mind like five years ago
he's like there's this movie called the
peanut butter solution if you've heard
of it no you think dude he's like
everyone who watched this movie as a kid
it it was made and aired on TV in Canada
he's like oh look at the YouTube
comments
it's crazy and I went and looked at all
the comments the same like oh my god I
watch this as a kid and I forgot the
whole thing I just now remembering it
everyone every comment was that what
he's like dude it was like mass hypnosis
the way it was edited it's like that it
kind of created everyone to like forget
that they were watch it that they saw it
and uh maybe maybe there is a troll one
did he say I forgot it took it away no
oh you know what it was it was troll
hunter that's what it was right not to
came out 2010 now yes that's the movie
I'm talking about yeah that's the
schlocky movie yeah pulled that up
that's that's what I was thinking it's
probably inspired by troll to troll
hunter was these guys that were like
trying to find these trolls and then you
know it was just like just at the point
in time before drones were effective he
kind of bought in that there was no
aerial way of finding this thing that
you had to wait for it to pop out of the
woods that's like I found footage movie
right yeah yeah yeah
found footage but with special effects
of a giant troll that comes out of the
forest as tall as the trees and it's so
stupid it might be better then that of
the terrible movie because it's silly
yeah here's the trailer so these people
like well yeah we're gonna find it so
revealing don'tdon't
get to the troll bro where is it that it
yeah there it is see it was giant
chasing these fucking no no Jesus look
it there it is oh shit see so it's like
found-footage but with special effects
fun fucking stupid movie yeah you know
like you never really scared that
someone's gonna die cuz none of them are
real people in your mind that's not that
kind of movie nice it's like they could
do whatever they wanted those people so
that was what I remembered I just
couldn't so maybe that was it maybe that
was troll 2 with those two put those
with little trolls troll - is there like
human size yeah okay so I mean it's
really incredible film the first half of
it the rest of it I would not recommend
it actually Dan's brother again all
takes place in this town called nilbog
which is even one of the best parts is
that it it takes place in a town called
no bog and the little kid like sees the
sign in the rearview mirror like nilbog
is goblin backwards so it's actually
about God talk to us about goblins so
Dan's brother had them personalized
plate Ohio plate said nilbog so yeah my
brother Jeff and that is hilarious
that's hilarious
but through the rear view mirror man
said Goblin pretty genius that is very
smart I mean if you need that in your
life you need to be tricking people with
work that's the way to do it for all
about goblins it's a weird thing to
fixate on it's weird my brother's
strange strange character very strange
do you know they have those new plates
they're like digital plates and then if
someone steals your car just says stolen
that's cool it's weird though they're
like a screen that projects the numbers
and the letters weird yeah and then
knock into that well for sure and and
also they could track you like for sure
they're tracking you because if it gets
stolen and then they know exactly where
it is so that's my favorite thing on
earth is when someone like unfollowed
you on Instagram like I'll shit my phone
was hacked not a phone hacking is going
on
yeah well isn't that there was a woman
who worked for CNBC who said her website
was hacked
wrote a bunch of homophobic shit by
people say their account was hacked like
guess what all they did they didn't go
in there and push Russian websites that
you know sell sex dolls no no they went
in there just edited a few things to
make you look like a piece of shit yeah
but the Jag was a bunch of racist shit
imagine if Jack was just fucking with
people who's like watch this I'm gonna
see my account was hacked and I'm just
gonna get fucking crazy like Jack it's
probably like those cops that want to
kill people after a while he's just he's
so fed up with the system and then when
censoring people and just all these
people getting deep platforms that he
wants to just jump on and drop end bombs
[Music]
was an inside plot like you just decides
look I'm gonna hack myself just so I can
see the most ridiculous shit cuz no
one's been arrested right no see if you
were gonna hack the CEO of the biggest
fucking social media platform in the
world wouldn't you think to be a goddamn
ruthless investigation they would send
the Mossad after those kids like who did
it who dropped the end bomb on Jack's
Twitter page they'd find that person
yeah it's like it they're worth a
million dollars they'd hunt them down
that's the play it's the playbook for it
in step one one just my account was
hacked yeah it's a move well I got one
put one like literally it's like people
like I just hang out with at the bar say
that like I did get my my gmail account
stolen once that did happen I was like
wow someone can do that they just steal
your Gmail dude I got 65,000 the emails
unread emails in my account I like love
for someone has to hack into that shit
ain't nothing interesting in it all my
emails are cool period sounds good
period sitting around writing thoughtful
s emails that is not me I don't have
time that shit being thoughtful I call
you on the phone if I need to oh my god
yeah my shit was hacked in what did they
do with it no my shit was that I know
I'm smelling what they do what did they
do they hacked in your was it your
Twitter what was it they hacked in there
and they found a direct message to you
asked if we could be on the show did
they say some fucked up shit about corn
yeah if it's dude when I got in my last
Twitter well I've had two Twitter
incidents one was with Justin Bieber and
one was early on I tweeted like and
Earth doesn't like 2010 I tweeted like
something so stupid not even funny like
Madonna's crush I were on a tour bus and
like me to drive it to a show and SNL
was on I said oh Madonna's crushing it
on SNL and it was Lady Gaga that was the
fucking joke but I a year later
it wasn't even like funny and she wasn't
like that famous I wasn't laughs that's
funny well a year later some like Gaga
monster found it I was like you know go
kill yourself
mmm and I just I think I was one of the
first people to maybe take this I mean
take this tactic I started just
retweeting the most vile shit that was
like your fucking asshole kill yourself
and I just would retweet it and it was
like a once again right with atop this
bolt like before there's like the thing
before the me too is the bullying thing
don't stop boy and it was just like
these people were just like fucking
crushing me on there and I started
that's when I started being like fuck
Twitter man like fuck it well people
will also say that your bullying if you
retweet it because your siccing your
twitter mob on them yeah but like you
could spin anything however you want to
do it but my Twitter mob was like
fucking at the time was like three
thousand people in Ohio
yeah it's Lodge yeah but then you know
the Justin Bieber thing happened and it
was like I just I realized at that point
like it's a real uh like hey these are
all kids these are a lot of these people
are just fucking idiots like you
shouldn't like you would be if you were
13 yeah if I was 13 it was like spout
off anything like all these kids like
are gonna add some thyme some point get
at a corporation so I was gonna go
through their shit deep and like get
called into the office
what do you see what's happening with
Justin Trudeau the Prime Minister of
Canada yeah they found brown face so he
was dressed in a suit
how did they find all three of them the
same fuckin day well some I was
searching for some shit you know mid but
it's he was in a costume in 1981 and
we're upset we really anything they make
people were at real tweets were saying
that he should be horrified by this
racism like is he is he just in a
costume because it seems like he's just
in a costume pretending these an Arabian
guy is that really racist is called
Arabian Nights yeah was it I mean maybe
ours insensitive now today but in 1981
guess what no one cares did a 1981 the
one of the biggest films I think are not
biggest a big film was uh so Silver
Streak
my brother will older brothers obsessed
with trains back he works for Amtrak now
but in that movie there's a scene where
Gene Wilder has to put on blackface yes
and um you know that of course we've
never gone now and I could see I said
well if I defend it but at the time when
I saw that for the first time when I was
six or seven like you know that was a
different time do you member see Thomas
how soul man remember that movie yeah
those like in the 90s played I who
pretended to be black to go to a certain
school do you remember that I remember
that a 2001 though not at 1981 just
declare which one did Justin Trudeau
stuff here's like 10 1981 yeah oh it
happened in 2000 yeah yeah 18 years ago
oh why does anyone where they here was
anyone
maybe I just repeated dumb numbers but
what I don't know man I I've never worn
a black face and I sure as fuck would
remember it if I'd ever put it on that's
why I don't think I don't remember that
pulling that movie soul man what thomas
Howell who was it that said they
couldn't remember wearing it someone
that got in trouble a lot of person
before oh yeah who was that that was
like a senator it's somebody from
Kentucky I don't know
I could tell you everything I was for
Halloween that I was Orville Redenbacher
[Music]
pussy this is see thomas Howell and
that's when he's he's the white guy and
I forget what exactly it was tanning
pills to get into school is that what it
was you took tanning pills oh my
goodness to get into a school he took
tannic pills I've been the Harvard of
some college or something like that
oh okay so and then screwed ahead to
when he turns into a black fellow and
also did you see my Garrity's did you
see what he was talking into what was he
talking to a noose oh Jesus so he's
gonna kill himself because he took too
many tanning pills practice he couldn't
get that College oh right
well I took the tanning pills getting go
but go to the picture of Hill who's
looking in the mirror but imagine if you
decide you gotta make this movie shit
Jesus imagine if you're gonna make this
movie today oh my god they would hang
you is that Julie Liu this was like a
harmless movie in 1990 whatever it was
when this movie came out this was an
absolutely harmless movie that nobody
protested about nobody cared it was
really obvious what was going it was not
a not a great movie but nobody cared
imagine if you put that movie out today
dude oh my god and you know I was
thinking about the other day I was
thinking about how fucking insane Doogie
Howser is I was like if I was fucking
sick and a twelve-year-old was like
seriously that's right he was a doctor
he's a fucking 12 real doctor everybody
get the fuck out of here motherfucker
yeah like seriously but doctor was he
dude I don't know but then I realized
something I was like that it like this
not only was he a doctor but like he
every night after the day he was he
would sit down at his computers journal
and to his journal which is I know for a
fact that like I don't know for a fact
but I'm pretty sure that the whole basis
of sex in the cities is based on that do
you
Doogie Howser I think they I think that
they are connected you know how like
they say that Family Matters is a
and off of South Park Simpson perfect
strangers perfect strangers the elevator
door manners why was Adam strange
rattling off different cartoons perfect
perfect strangers is supposed to take
place in the same universe as Family
Matters but I do think sex in the city
takes place in the same universe as
Doogie Howser and maybe if you think of
oh what's that guy that she's always
trying to date that just had mr. big
maybe mr. BIG's Doogie Howser as an
adult uh yeah never know never know I
never connected those two I don't think
I ever watched an episode of Doogie
Howser and I've only reluctantly watched
an episode lesson City clowns on it a
couple years younger than you so we were
subjected to that shit but now kids
don't even watch that there's three
channels when we were kids yeah kids
barely watch TV anymore what is it he
was a second-year resident surgeon even
cutting into people for a year already
oh my god yeah kids today are not
listening they are rather not watching
anything they're watching things on
their computer and then watching things
on their their phone they think that
somewhere around fifty percent of what
you're getting on Netflix these days
kids are watching on their phone yeah
look YouTube's a big one too is it did
you say this podcast most of it people
watch on the phone 60% 60% on the phone
and now they have phones like the galaxy
note 10 is just all screen device you
know you can actually enjoy it you can
you watch something at six point eight
inches it's like a little TV yeah I mean
they're watching movies on them being on
tour being on the bus it's a it's
amazing really be honest it is
incredible but when you guys tour do you
always go bus to bus city to city or do
you do fly city city or just always do
the bus thing here's the here's the
thing about touring is like it's a Dan
walks in it's like man I fucking hate
the fucking bus what happens is a
typically a manager says oh you don't
need to fucking you you just fucking fly
private
dude you hub out of this we'll hop out
of Jackson Hole
West Coast dude yeah fucking great the
trip that the thing is is that the
managers still getting the same same cut
of whatever you're making you're just
spending all of your cash like the most
genius thing you can do in the music
business if you're if your music
business mat if your manager or business
manager is to get your client to spend
all their money because I just have to
work more and your shit comes off the
top yeah I mean you're playing
three-dimensional music business chess
yeah create a personal chef and a
trainer and everything yeah I imagine to
go off crash a Ferrari on stage every
day then just be like Ted Nugent get a
buffalo
I need the buffalo I have I have a I
have a buffalo ahead of my house too Ted
Nugent gave you gave him a shell really
wow that's huge 68 he killed him 68
really hmm
1968 that's what he told Michelle's
brother was his a drum tech per year for
a while shit Wow yeah it's a good way to
end this podcast I know with that
dude we did like three and a half hours
Jesus it's 3:30
damn I'm telling you I had to piss us
you need to do this you need to do your
own a hundred percent and I think you
could it could serve a great function
what's so easy to do with us come on
here again any time you want but it's so
easy for you to do your own I mean you
can get one of those little fucking zoom
because there's a zoom mic right done it
or sure make some like a bunch of
different companies already yeah I'm
sure you do and just get on the bus and
with the ambient sound on everything it
would actually be kind of cool to hear
that and just talk shit and people would
fucking love it and you could have that
be like the interstitial in-between
great songs that you love I'm not
getting out opposed things good idea I
think we've talked about it's I think
it's an amazing idea
yeah cheese yeah man all right you're
gonna do it thank you for being here
take love you guys thank you very much
bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]